     confidential           2   mood anxiety and personality clinical academic group ( map west ) zzzzz   purley resource centre 50 pampisford


pain and hip pain have increased over the last couple of weeks .      the depressed mood was very obvious .    she described depressive cognitions of helplessness and hopelessness .    she


she described depressive cognitions of helplessness and hopelessness .    she also stated that whilst in her low mood , she has obsessive ruminations of the traumatic events that have taken place in the past and she


   without psychology input , this is unlikely to get better .    equally , until her mood lifts , she may not be amenable to psychology .     the physical health problems with


prescribed by gp 2 weeks ago ( able to walk with ease ) . this has helped lift her mood as well in my view   increase in sertraline to 150 mg - ensuring compliance  


out with baby now and the fresh air for both as opposed to before when hip pain and depressed mood means she was withdrawn and isolative   mood seems to have improved , crying spells have reduced


both as opposed to before when hip pain and depressed mood means she was withdrawn and isolative   mood seems to have improved , crying spells have reduced , depressive cognitions continue but reduced in intensity .


tablet ; last issued : 05/08/2015   individual needs and how we can help ?   low mood , hx of overdose in the past , ongoing " odd experiences " ? low intenisity hallucinations ?


 	  initial assessment zzzzz   was initially referred to camhs with concerns about anxiety , low mood and suicidal thoughts .    intervention   she saw dr netherwood and commenced on fluoxetine


her mother joined her on the three parent sessions .   ongoing concerns and recommendations   her mood had improved by our last parent session and she felt that the strategies the school were putting in


nearly lost babies at 20 weeks . delivered at 37 weeks however in recent weeks feeling increasingly low in mood and guilty especially when they cry   father of children in full time work with long hours


 nick was referred to lewisham camhs by his gp in june 2015 after a few months experiencing low mood and poor sleep with some suicidal ideation .   nick currently has a diagnosis of severe depressive


  mr zzzzz   attended an appointment today for 1st time since november . he said his mood has been ' all over the shop ' due to feeling stressed about his work situation , his


discussed using time out to interrupt arguments before they escalate in future .   mr zzzzz 's low mood affects his motivation and activity level , and he finds it hard to concentrate , which then affects


 he sometimes finds it difficult to perform basic self - care and home maintenance tasks because of his mood . he is trying to set realistic goals for himself and keep some momentum up but this is


glasses of wine once a week and occasionally ingests cannabis . he is not currently taking medication for his mood , but has tried two ssris in the past and would be willing to consider trying medication again


progress    :     mr zzzzz   engaged well with the team . mood remained flat , but he denied any further risk issues .   whilst working with the team


   current risk :   mr zzzzz   has long - standing issues with low mood and passive suicidal ideation .   from the age of 17 onward mr zzzzz   has


 previous contact with psychiatric services   pathna was first referred to our service in 2006 with low mood and suicidal thoughts in the context of the ending of an affair with a married man . 


 in 2014 , she seen by the home treatment team and diagnosed with an adjustment reaction , depressed mood and suicidal ideation .   current presenting problem   zzzzz   reported ongoing symptoms of


and suicidal ideation .   current presenting problem   zzzzz   reported ongoing symptoms of low mood reactive to being separated from her husband who was refused a visa in 2012 and was thereafter banned


him .    summary and impressions   zzzzz   has a long history of low mood and suicidal ideation dating back to her difficult family upbringing and subsequent difficult life experiences ( including relative


she experiences ( the current stressor is separation from her husband ) . currently she has symptoms of low mood eg , poor concentration and motivation . however , this appears to be typical of how she presents


              dr kim   sutherby mood anxiety and personality   clinical academic group   ( map - cag ) lambeth map assessment


zzzzz   said his sleep is not bad and his appetite is also good . he described his mood as " happy , cheerful " with no history of self- harm ... " but on last friday


