with her baby daughter , qqqqq   ( 2 months old ) zzzzz   had been become anxious and depressed following a difficult labour and caesarean delivery and she has been finding it very stressful when


or hold her child , impairing their bond significantly – she reports even know she sometimes feels guilty or anxious around him . however , this is not the case with qqqqq , with whom she reports a


of the day and night in a local bookmakers buy no longer does this   · is very anxious and seeks reassurance that his family are ok   · has to sleep with the light on


zzzzz   presented as a casually dressed gentleman who appeared older than his years . he was rather anxious throughout the assessment and sought reassurance from his children that he was answering my questions in a satisfactory


objectively , mr zzzzz   appeared very flat with little change in his facia expression , he was anxious throughout , often seeking reassurance from his children prior to answering my questions .   thought &


and feels guilty and feels that she is not a good mother .     she gets anxious about small things such as noises from the boiler .   she has initial insomnia and gets


 her daytime energy levels are low , and she has poor concentration .   she is somewhat anxious about the birth , as last time she had an emergency c - section which was ‘tough and


report any changes in her mental state with no new episodes of dizziness or headache . initially she appeared anxious and scared as there were 3 members of staff and became tearful and kept moving back with her


a healthy baby . very worried about abnormalities , would want to terminate if baby had abnormalities but very anxious about doing this , foetis feeling pain etc   	 children : ( include full names &


does not go out , does not enjoy cooking , is clumsy , and worries and    anxious – describes constantly feeling worried , describes constant increased heart beats .      


  current medication sertraline 150 mg and amitriptyline 10 mg . does not feel helpful , as constantly anxious , does not    go out , is being 24/7 supervised by husband .  


  she feels the voices she is hearing are more constant and louder when she feels stressed and anxious , she hears 1 - 2 voices that are male and female . typically they talk to her


she stated a man with a hoody called her japanese and spat at her . she feels scared and anxious , feels she can’t protect her children and herself . becomes pre - occupied and fixated on certain


she also talked for the first time that she has experienced anxiety since childhood and described self as an anxious - avoidant person and that she has always felt anxious with chest tightness , trembling , sweating ,


experienced anxiety since childhood and described self as an anxious - avoidant person and that she has always felt anxious with chest tightness , trembling , sweating , feeling dizzy , and palpitations , dry mouth , ’shock


progressed she became tearful in the context of her low mood and presented as low in mood with an anxious affect . no evidence of paranoia or other paranoid ideas towards her ex - husband and in -


. mr zzzzz   said that he has been vomiting over the past seven years when he becomes anxious .        past psychiatric history : mr zzzzz   denied having contact with psychiatric


zzzzz   also said that this problem has also affected his feelings and self esteem . he feels anxious and distressed because of the way that he feels in front of the family members and also because


living .    he has thoughts and flashbacks about the abuse in childhood .    he feels anxious also he has nightmares about what has happened in childhood and about the abuse he had both  


main reception so they can let the therapist know you have arrived . if you notice you are feeling anxious about attending your first appointment , then we would encourage you to remind yourself that this is a


for severe post - traumatic stress disorder and depression .   she is very low in mood and anxious , with recurrent thoughts about the past , an ongoing sense of threat and multiple physical complaints such


