not like to burden them due to her debt of gratitude towards them .    she felt pregnant very quickly when she arrived in this country and met her current partner ( nephew of the family


any other kind of risk , e.g. this person could pose a risk to minors ; this person is pregnant , etc 	 	 	 	 	     x  	 k ) does this


belt but the nail broke . this followed and argument he had with his girlfriend who is 14 weeks pregnant and who sent him a text message to say she was going to abort the baby . when


the antenatal midwifery service at zzzzz   university hospital in august 2014 when she was around eight weeks pregnant , having had a past psychiatric history of being admitted to mile end hospital under section 3 of


to the lack of emotional or practical support he offered , she decided to divorce him while she was pregnant with their second child as he had made no contact with her throughout the entire pregnancy . she


flat , and is expecting her second qqqqq   on 07/05/2019 .   she is 18 weeks pregnant and receiving antenatal care at the princess royal university hospital .   diagnosis :   


struggling with debts .   although it is a planned pregnancy and they both are happy she is pregnant , her husband says it is going to be hard because he has to support them practically and


thoughts of self - harm , suicide or harm to others .   she is happy to be pregnant and is not having any negative thoughts about the qqqqq .    she may have limited


medicaiotns and have tried to explain the importance to her of continuing them . slam are aware she is pregnant .   i have referred to antenatal clinic and requested an obstetrician review but i feel she


? smoking       details : migraine previously   	 obstetric history ( if pregnant at time of referral )  	 where is she receiving antenatal care : ( does she attend


 	 obstetrician :  	 	 	 named midwife 	  	 edd 	 a around 10 weeks pregnant 	 gravida / parity 	 g 	 	 p 	  	 attitude to the pregnancy / baby


p 	  	 attitude to the pregnancy / baby :   not sure if she wants the pregnant , believes she will go to hell if she terminats a healthy baby . very worried about abnormalities


with her husband due to domestic violence and was living in a refuge . she is currently 20 weeks pregnant , due on 28/08/2016 .    history of presenting problem   i reviewed her for


 obstetric history   g1p0 . pregnancy is going well . zzzzz   found out she was pregnant just after she left her husband . she is happy to be pregnant and wants to make things


  found out she was pregnant just after she left her husband . she is happy to be pregnant and wants to make things work and be strong for her baby despite things being difficult and having


without an interpreter as her english is good , and they will try to prioritise her as she is pregnant .    · i would be grateful if you could take over zzzzz ’s care but


uber driver and she began to suspect that he was seeing other women .   she quickly became pregnant with their son in 2017 and she stated that their relationship deteriorated further and she wanted to split


their relationship deteriorated further and she wanted to split up with him .   however , she became pregnant again and she reported their relationship had deteriorated again further and now the couple are barely speaking to


