he has previously been seen in your service . i have met with him for 3 sessions of cognitive behaviour therapy over 4 months . he has not been able to attend more regularly , so we have


following apply to this person , and tick the corresponding box :  	 	 current issue/   behaviour 	 current ideation   with    plans 	 current ideation with    no


	  	 c ) self harm 	 x 	 	 	 	  	 d ) inappropriate sexual behaviour 	 	 	 	 	 x  	 e ) overactive , disruptive behaviour 	 	 	 	


	 d ) inappropriate sexual behaviour 	 	 	 	 	 x  	 e ) overactive , disruptive behaviour 	 	 	 	 	 x  	 f ) problematic use of drugs or alcohol 	 	


said he does not have any gambling debts .  	 mental state exam :   appearance & behaviour : mr zzzzz   presented as a casually dressed gentleman who appeared older than his years .


      ? financial / debts        ? offending behaviour                  


refusing medication )  	 2009 - 7/2010  	 citalopram upto 60 mg 	 switched to sertraline ( behaviour still bad )  	 08 - 10/2009 	 olanzapine 10 mg 	 stopped due to diarrhoea .


specialist education 	      	       	 anti - social behaviour unit  	      	       	 police 


point . she is finding life more and more challenging coping with her twin daughters .   their behaviour is very challenging ( detailed below ) , shiza has not settled into school and children do not


children do not sleep well .   there have been several accidents in the home due to their behaviour .    if applicable : what are the issues concerning the unborn baby or child(ren )


; learning and achievement  	 strengths  	 shiza is progressing academically  	 needs  	 shiza’s behaviour is very difficult to manage . for example : · shiza has recently pulled out qqqqq ’s gastrostomy


 was asleep .   · qqqqq   has become scared of shiza due to her violent behaviour .   · shiza can be ‘hyper’ and violent ( she has broken two pairs of her


their contact with her .   she stated that after marriage , mr nowak proceeded to change his behaviour where he was constantly out working as an uber driver and she began to suspect that he was


practising muslims .   domestic abuse   she strong denied any domestic abuse or violence or controlling behaviour from her husband .   mental state examination   mrs zzzzz   was warm and


.   mental state examination   mrs zzzzz   was warm and friendly in appearance and behaviour , she was able to give a good chronological history and appeared honest and open .  


  diagnosis : depression with psychosis ( not currently psychotic ) asperger’s syndrome , learning disability , challenging behaviour ,        physical health matters : diabetes mellitus , hyperparathyroidism , obesity


  diagnosis : depression with psychosis ( not currently psychotic ) asperger’s syndrome , learning disability , challenging behaviour ,        physical health matters : diabetes mellitus , hyperparathyroidism , obesity


