november to help her to sleep .     current or past significant history of substance or alcohol misuse             none .   therapist’s


an attempt to strangle himself . this had been triggered by an argument with his girlfriend and recent increased alcohol and drug use .   clinical progress    :     mr zzzzz


  whilst working with the team , information and guidance was given about the negative impact drug and alcohol use has on his mental health .    current risk :   mr zzzzz 


banging his head .   mr zzzzz   reported cocaine and recreational mdma use , alongside daily alcohol use - drinks up to 2 glasses of wine a day .   recent suicide attempt of


day .   recent suicide attempt of self - strangulation was following an evening of increased and heavy alcohol consumption and above mentioned drug use . on discharge mr zzzzz   reported to still be drinking


overactive , disruptive behaviour 	 	 	 	 	 x  	 f ) problematic use of drugs or alcohol 	 	 	 	 	 x  	 g ) violence towards property 	 	 	 	 	


has not noticed any significant improvements .     current or past significant history of substance or alcohol misuse   none              


be alive and he is going to use every help available to sort out his problems . he denied alcohol use but admitted he used to smoke considerable amounts of weed until 3 weeks ago when he stopped


     ( 	 employment     ( 	  bereavement ( 	  alcohol misuse ( 	  carer (  	  aggression / violence      


( self / others )   previous talking therapies tried and level of success   drug and alcohol history 	 please complete as fully as possible so the referral can be screened quickly mr zzzzz 


worker from hestia thought they were anti histamines .   current or past significant history of substance or alcohol misuse    none identified .           


      yes- psychosis in postnatal period        ? alcohol / substance misuse        ? past psychiatric admissions    


? psychiatrist    ? psychologist    ? gp    ? specialist addiction / alcohol service    ? other   details :   under slam , support worker vicktesha


thoughts & perceptions – no thought disorder , no psychotic phenomena elicited . no drugs or    alcohol .      2     social situation – lives with husband and


found by a family friend and was taken to his parents .          drug and alcohol history : mr zzzzz   denied taking any illegal drugs or alcohol .      medical


       drug and alcohol history : mr zzzzz   denied taking any illegal drugs or alcohol .      medical history : mr zzzzz   has had primary nocturnal enuresis since childhood


 medical history   aspirin allergy – leads to swelling of lips .    drugs and alcohol    nil   social history   zzzzz   has one younger sister who


midwife had reported she was taking sertraline , as she strongly denied taking any psychiatric medication . drug & alcohol history   nil .   both she and her husband are practising muslims .  


