with help from his uncle and aunt whilst she isolates herself in the room . c / o poor sleep and appetite persist .    these symptoms have been there since the antenatal period and have not


was prescribed 150 mg sertraline and promethazine 50 mg by myself 2 weeks ago in the context of poor sleep ( disturbed , interrupted/ insomnia in the past ) along with other depressive symptoms which were of severe


dip noted when i saw her )    patient reports improvement mainly due to being able to sleep better on promethazine 50 mg ( c / o excessive sedation ) which has helped improve energy levels


supportive partner and adoptive uncle / aunt and lots of support with childcare   reports being able to sleep since being on promethazine and feels has more energy during the day now - joins her aunt in


looks after child at night , bottle fed at night ( otherwise mixed feeding ) and they all now sleep in the same room- this has helped .   4 . perinatal nurse involvement twice a week


referred to lewisham camhs by his gp in june 2015 after a few months experiencing low mood and poor sleep with some suicidal ideation .   nick currently has a diagnosis of severe depressive episode , which


mrs zzzzz   describes severe symptoms of ptsd ; nightmares at least twice a week and very poor sleep , flashbacks in the day ' coming again and again ' , trouble breathing during her flashbacks ,


etc , name of medication and dose if possible )   promethazine since november to help her to sleep .     current or past significant history of substance or alcohol misuse   


) mirtazipine , 40 mg , prescribed december 2017 . reports that it has been prescribed to help him sleep however he has not noticed any significant improvements .     current or past significant history


in his assessment summary letter . other goals identified are as followed :     - to sleep better - to move more and talk to other people current risk ( to self and others )


been advised by friends that she was too unwell to look after a child . she described chronically poor sleep which is disrupted by nightmares . her appetite is fine . her concentration is poor and she sometimes


  she takes venlafaxine when she is not working as it makes her drowsy but relaxed with improved sleep . she is less likely to act impulsively to harm herself when taking medication . however , during


year old son has got autism .   on mental state examination , zzzzz   said his sleep is not bad and his appetite is also good . he described his mood as " happy ,


and she has always engaged very well with her qqqqq   during our visits .   her sleep and appetite are very good along with her energy .   she also appears to have increased


given advice to the family that if zzzzz   shows any early relapse symptoms ( i.e. lack of sleep and increased energy ) then consideration should be given to recommencing antipsychotic medication immediately . plan 1 .


your sister in law feel your mood is much improved and your overall functioning is much better . your sleep and appetite are back to normal and you have referred yourself for counselling . there is still some


quiet’ that she could enjoy this . her energy levels have been lower , which she links to poor sleep . her sleep is impaired due to the noise both within her flat and outside ( her bedroom


could enjoy this . her energy levels have been lower , which she links to poor sleep . her sleep is impaired due to the noise both within her flat and outside ( her bedroom faces a main


times per night . if it were not for this , she feels that she would be able to sleep well . her appetite is unimpaired . she has not experienced any changes in her attention and denied


months . during this period she had more classic depressive symptomatology including persistent low mood , anhedonia , poor sleep and loss of appetite . she was treated with citalopram . since then she has had no contact


himself and is worried about his memory . mr zzzzz   said he has difficulty with getting to sleep and will wake several times during the night , before waking again early in the morning ( around


  · is very anxious and seeks reassurance that his family are ok   · has to sleep with the light on   · finds it hard to read and write english was never a


noises from the boiler .   she has initial insomnia and gets 4 - 5 hours of broken sleep at night .   her appetite is reduced but she has not had any weight loss .


low with reduced affect . she stated that she can enjoy things , has good appetite and has adequate sleep . she reported feeling hopeless and not wanting to carry on but states her daughters are protective factor


mood , tearfulness , poor appetite with clothes feeling loose in the last 2 - 3 months , poor sleep with middle insomnia , nightmares , and worries about the future and inability to enjoy , paranoia and


