aptitudes or interests ) zzzzz   was admitted to the ward nearly 2 weeks ago with her baby daughter , qqqqq   ( 2 months old ) zzzzz   had been become anxious and depressed


with another women and divorced her .    zzzzz   lives with her 21 year old daughter in a privately rented flat ( she described a poor relationship with the landlord ) . she has


, she struggles to retain the subject matter .    she has a difficult relationship with her daughter which zzzzz   suspects is owing to the prior 10 year separation from her .  


where seen : clinic , maudsley hospital  	 who present : mr zzzzz , his son islam and daughter nalima   	 reason for referral :   further assessment of memory following changes noted by


daughter nalima   	 reason for referral :   further assessment of memory following changes noted by daughter .  	 patient account :   mr zzzzz   described his brain as being ‘dodgy’


and without prompting he would not eat .  	 carer account : carer account obtained from son and daughter who reported the following : · there was an overnight change in their father’s presentation in november last


with low self - esteem and self - worth . she was accompanied to the review by her eldest daughter qqqqq    background and progress since last review :   ms choudhury is a 43


shuttle and try to see their mum as often as possible . they stated that the 4 year old daughter lives with mum in brixton .   regarding activities , ms choudhury reported that she stopped going


in greenwich was her mother 's and there are some concerns as she has given this up to her daughter now .   her mother is 70 years old and had multiple health problems including diabetes ,


) 	 ? mother   ? grandmother   ? sister   ? aunt   ? daughter   ? other    ? none         


    zzzzz   dear mrs zzzzz   i am grateful to you and your daughter in law for making me welcome with the interpreter this morning at your home . i came to


to day things and you could put down things and not be able to find them again . your daughter in law reports problems such as not completing a job e.g. when taking out the rubbish not putting


  your mood did not appear overtly depressed but there were a number of thoughts e.g wanting your daughter in law to chastise you rather than the children that suggest it is not always that good .


the relatively good results of testing suggest that there is nothing else to explain them .   your daughter in law was very clear that any reduction in the medication has a detrimental effect on your mental


to swear at her children in the past 6 months , for example , if her 17 year old daughter has not prepared dinner to her taste she might shout at her , however mr zzzzz  


zzzzz   is independent of her own personal care but sometimes requires the assistance of qqqqq , her daughter .   qqqqq   also completes all the cooking and cleaning as well as laying out


zzzzz   lives with her husband and 3 of her children .   her 17 year old daughter amena provides some personal care and other caring tasks for her mother , as well as completing all


 mrs zzzzz   does not currently assume any sole child care responsibilities .   her youngest daughter is 16 .   mental state assessment   mrs zzzzz   presented as an overweight


speak english . the family is unable to leave her alone due to these issues . mrs. zzzzz ’s daughter –in - law is the main carer for her and the family would like to take her abroad


different life , with freedom of choice . you identified this is also something you would like for your daughter which is different to the family values you were brought up with   · the idea of


mind hopes and dreams for the future was also helpful , thinking about the values you would like your daughter to have and understanding that your choices may have been culturally difference from your families but that doesn’t


speak to the health visitor and gp if you have concerns your mood .   wishing you and daughter all the best for future .    yours sincerely    shohreh jamshidi  


agreed to try it . we also suggested that sugar at home belonging to qqqqq   zzzzz ’s daughter in law should be kept out of sight so mr zzzzz   is not tempted to bring


