to continue to remain involved in light of the high risk    diagnosis :   severe depression with ptsd - antenatal onset and has continued in the postnatal period .   medications   


year - old woman ( looks much younger ) from sri lanka who was diagnosed with moderately severe antenatal depression with post - traumatic stress disorder having faced torture and a sexual assault whilst in sri lanka at


   physical health problems like chest infections and non - compliance with medications due to forgetfulness secondary to depression or while she was in general hospital ( for chest infection ) meant that there was a period


again as it seems that zzzzz 's compliance has dipped , most likely due to forgetfulness secondary to her depression ( see details below ) .         we revisited the mbu admission given


their lives with very tragic consequences .      however , we have also psychoeducated her that depression is treatable illness and we would like to help her if she allows us to do so .


was offered 12 sessions with three parent sessions .    she initially scored 22 on the phq9 depression questionnaire indicating a moderate to severe depressive episode .    zzzzz   attended all the


 	 reason for referral ( please include previous history and urgency ):  	 has history of moderate depression in past used medication and counselling - mindfulness at slam had ivf pregnancy - stressful pregnancy as nearly


has a diagnosis of severe depressive episode , which does not seem to respond to ssri’s and cbt for depression .   nick is irregularly attending a - levels at harris academy greenwich . nick’s family are


scores of 25 on the phq and 20 on the gad put him in the severe range for both depression and anxiety .   mr zzzzz   drinks 1 - 2 glasses of wine once a


  was discharged from the maudsley hospital on the 27th july 2015 .   diagnosis of mild depression .   he was accompanied by his father . said he was discharged into the care of


previously dependent on heroin , but is now drug - free . he has a previous diagnosis of psychotic depression but no longer takes any anti - psychotic medication . he has been on mirtazapine 15 mg for


have some degree of cognitive changes , it is felt that these are in the context of a moderate depression .   mr zzzzz   has a reduced appetite and weight loss , anhedonia . he


 has a reduced appetite and weight loss , anhedonia . he is scoring in the moderate range for depression and anxiety on the hads .   mr zzzzz ’s family report that their father has become


psychiatric history and his current presentation , he would benefit from further cmht assessment and further treatment of his depression and anxiety . please attach any other relevant information .    	 describe the patient’s current


perinatal service on the 21st august by childrens’ social services who felt that she may be suffering from postnatal depression .   current circumstances ms zzzzz   explained that the main issue for her at present


children during her home visit .   past psychiatric history ms zzzzz   had an episode of depression in 2009 for which she was seen by her cmht for around 4 months . during this period


display symptoms meeting the threshold for a significant depressive episode , though it seems likely that she experienced postnatal depression following the birth of her second child and her current situation places her mental state at risk of


 and his children ) .   he was found to be in the moderate range for both depression and anxiety at the time of assessment and it is felt that this is currently impacting upon his


our mdt , it was felt that mr zzzzz   is most likely experiencing a relapse of his depression he has therefore been referred to the locality cmht for further assessment and treatment of his low mood


zzzzz   was previously drug dependent ( heroin ) . he also has a previous diagnosis of psychotic depression . previously took risperidone and has been on mirtazapine for almost 10 years .  	 relevant medical


for dementia . the profile of results may indicate the dementia sub - type . ) hospital anxiety and depression scale :      total anxiety :        


               10/21   total depression : 12/21   ( the hads is a self reporting rating scale that is used to assess


 ( the hads is a self reporting rating scale that is used to assess and differentiate symptoms of depression and anxiety . higher scores indicate greater likelihood of depression or anxiety . recommended cutoffs are : 8


that is used to assess and differentiate symptoms of depression and anxiety . higher scores indicate greater likelihood of depression or anxiety . recommended cutoffs are : 8 - 10 : mild cases , 11 - 15 :


and receiving antenatal care at the princess royal university hospital .   diagnosis :    moderate depression       diagnosis of schizophrenia – no current psychotic symptoms   medications :


