- 22/10/17           	 risk history : self harm / suicide / domestic abuse :  	  not known   	 professionals / agencies involved : 


switching to a different activity , or watching a light - hearted show . he has never made a suicide attempt but came close several years ago when feeling very stressed , and then changed his mind when


, alongside daily alcohol use - drinks up to 2 glasses of wine a day .   recent suicide attempt of self - strangulation was following an evening of increased and heavy alcohol consumption and above mentioned


	 a ) has a medical condition including seizures 	 x 	 	 	 	  	 b ) suicide attempts 	 	 	 	 x 	  	 c ) self harm 	 x 	 	 	


should not do any heavy lifting or stretching . b ) zzzzz   has had recent thoughts of suicide but no plans .   c ) zzzzz   has thoughts of self - harm when


no currention intentions or plans / preparations to harm himself or end his life reported . no history of suicide attempts reported . zzzzz   cited his wife as a protective factor in stopping himself from acting


she denied psychotic symptoms on thorough screening .   she denied any thoughts of self - harm , suicide or harm to others .   she is happy to be pregnant and is not having any


her last admission on 21/08/2018 was under section 2 of the mental health act . she has history of suicide attempt , tried to tie ligature around her neck . ms choudhury is currently divorced and has 3


to abide by treatment plans   risks :    has history of self - strangulation in suicide attempt on 11/01/2017 . currently denies any suicidal plan and stated that she needs to be there for


see them together . voices have told herto hurt herself before but not recently , not thoughts dsh / suicide currently   	 details of any other professionals involved   ( health visitor , chmt ,


he has not been prescribed any psychotropic medications in the past .    he said that he attempted suicide twice in the past and on one occasion he was around nine or ten years old and he


beaten up by his father .    he then went on a train railway for an attempt for suicide , someone saw him and took him to his parent 's house , this was in 2011 .


abuse he had both   physical and emotional .    he denied having intention or plan of committing suicide or denied having any thought , intention or plan of harming other people .    there was


denied having any intention or plan of harming himself although he appears to be hopeless and he has had suicide attempts in the past .    risk to others : he denied having thoughts , intentions or


she strong denied any thoughts of harm to herself , she also strongly denied any plans / intent of suicide .   she also strongly denied any thoughts of harm to her children .   she


in south zzzzz .   she strongly denied any current thoughts of harm or plans / intent of suicide .   she also strongly denied any current thoughts of harm to her children , she stated


  home treatment team ) .   she denied any thoughts of direct self - harm or suicide .   she denied any thoughts or plans regarding impulsive action such as overdose of harm to


