it is not clear to me where the lack of communication was between the perinatal nurse and the home treatment team given that discussion at the mdt meeting last week was for the htt to continue to remain


.      other professionals involved :   jo proctor - perinatal nurse   home treatment team involvement    lewisham home treatment team - info on epjs records suggests that she was


:   jo proctor - perinatal nurse   home treatment team involvement    lewisham home treatment team - info on epjs records suggests that she was discharged on 24 october 2016 , although the


health had deteriorated a few weeks ago to the point that she needed crisis intervention from   home treatment team jo , perinatal nurse , facilitated this referral and was accepted by htt , who were involved


she first arrived in this country ) who she lives with and who are involved in her care and treatment as they had an influence on her decisions regarding treatment .   4 . the urgent opc


with and who are involved in her care and treatment as they had an influence on her decisions regarding treatment .   4 . the urgent opc appointment in my clinic was to assess her mental state


line with good practice and working with htt with a view to come to a clear conclusion about her treatment plan going forward , given that she had changed her mind several times about mbu admission and this


it although compliance will depend on her ability to remember to take it .   discussion about home treatment team and mbu admission :   we explored the possibility of involving the home treatment team again


discussion about home treatment team and mbu admission :   we explored the possibility of involving the home treatment team again as it seems that zzzzz 's compliance has dipped , most likely due to forgetfulness secondary


community , both in the antenatal period and in the postnatal period without much success .    home treatment team intervention has helped briefly but there is still a long way to go .    


  a patient like zzzzz   should be jointly managed by the perinatal team and the home treatment team and a discharge should be planned very clearly with both of them present , in my view


a week ) .      capacity   i assessed zzzzz 's capacity to consent to treatment and to consent to htt involvement as well as mbu admission , giving her bite - sized information


capacity to consent to both .      she also demonstrates a willingness to engage with the treatment plan as above .   she has been honest and forthcoming about her thoughts and feelings in


.      this will need to be monitored closely by the perinatal nurse and the home treatment team over the coming one week .   cultural barriers means she is unlikely to speak about


: admin- prioristise apt pls .   it is anticipated that the patient will be with the home treatment team and will be seen by them in this period on a daily basis   i am


them when they occur . husband support this .   capacity   has capacity to consent to treatment   plan   1 . continue sertraline 150 mg and jo to review . if improvement


been the victim of multiple traumas , and we do not feel she would be suitable for a brief treatment with iapt .   summary of iapt intervention ( eg one assessment only , 6 sessions of


what will be provided    i think ms zzzzz   would benefit from a trauma focussed treatment . client’s motivation and views on referral including what they want from therapy and if they have a


client about what will be provided )   ms zzzzz   would like to have a psychological treatment that helps her to move forward from her traumatic experiences . current risk ( to self and others


moorside road bromley kent br1 5ep    psychological medicine & integrated care clinical academic group ( croydon treatment ) jeanette wallace house 1 edridge road   croydon cr0 1fe      


yours sincerely ,    temilade lawal   care co - ordinator     croydon treatment team   ?          west & east treatment teams


 croydon treatment team   ?          west & east treatment teams consultant psychiatrist : dr clive timehin ( west team ) lead community practitioner : cassandra thomas 


zzzzz   zzzzz   5 , zzzzz east dulwich zzzzz      southwark home treatment team    southwark home treatment team crisis resolution & treatment service 5 windsor walk denmark hill


, zzzzz east dulwich zzzzz      southwark home treatment team    southwark home treatment team crisis resolution & treatment service 5 windsor walk denmark hill   maudsley hospital zzzzz  


     southwark home treatment team    southwark home treatment team crisis resolution & treatment service 5 windsor walk denmark hill   maudsley hospital zzzzz   se5 8bb telephone : 020


