attention throughout . however , he was noted to appear rather vague for the duration of the assessment . speech : speech appeared a little hesitant at times and some word - finding difficulties were evident on cognitive


. however , he was noted to appear rather vague for the duration of the assessment . speech : speech appeared a little hesitant at times and some word - finding difficulties were evident on cognitive testing .


stature asian female , casually dressed with poor personal care . she made eye and was cooperative . her speech was relevant and coherent but low in volume , ( almost quite , have to strain to hear


, work towards independence .       current mental state – objectively appropriately dressed . speech – normal . cognition – alert , engaged , good rapport ,    orientated in tpp


times during the interview and by giving reassurance he was able to continue the interview .    his speech was not spontaneous , it was monotonous and low in volume .    it was normal in


and she engaged in the conversation .   there was evidence of psychomotor retardation .    speech :   her speech was very slow in rate and volume , but fluent and coherent with


conversation .   there was evidence of psychomotor retardation .    speech :   her speech was very slow in rate and volume , but fluent and coherent with no formal thought disorder ,


with good self - care .   her eye contact and rapport were good .   her speech was normal in rate , rhythm and volume .   she described her mood as low ;


31 year old woman of pakistani origin who was well kempt with good eye contact and good rapport . speech quiet , normal rate . mood subjectively ‘variable’ and ‘often depressed’. subjectively dysthymic . no anhedonia ( enjoys


to understand , weigh up and rationalise all her decisions .   there were no problems with her speech , understanding or concentration .   mood   she reported that her mood had been quite


established little if any eye contact .   there was evidence of psychomotor retardation .   her speech was slow , though otherwise normal .   her mood was subjectively and objectively low and her


