: tamil     referrer : dr hannah winfield   role : clinical psychologist , cbt therapist   location and team : neighbourhood 2 , iapt lewisham   contact telephone number : 0203


1350   date of referral : 22.02.2018   discussed in neighbourhood team with : mary liptrot- cbt therapist     reason for referral and current problems please tell us why you are referring to


triage assessment with a tamil interpreter was conducted with zzzzz . in consultation with supervisor mary liptrot ( cbt therapist ) , it was felt that an iptt referral would be more appropriate for zzzzz .  


.    yours sincerely ,      helen lipinski senior community practitioner / occupational therapist     mr zzzzz   zzzzz   zzzzz zzzzz    zzzzz 


, a&e or other services such as samaritans . you can also of course discuss any concerns with your therapist 	  	       	 last name : zzzzz  	 first name(s


to the care of your gp .   kind regards ,     katharine letchfield occupational therapist zzzzz   reablement service   trust headquarters , 9th floor    mood anxiety and


how our service can best help meet your needs . you will be meeting with sarah ryan ( occupational therapist ) and sarah maris - shaw ( occupational therapist ) i hope this time and date are convenient


. you will be meeting with sarah ryan ( occupational therapist ) and sarah maris - shaw ( occupational therapist ) i hope this time and date are convenient for you please contact us on the number above


3228 6000 email :   info.ipttlewisham@slam.nhs.uk    private & confidential    sarah pickles cbt therapist lewisham iapt n2 via email     re : zzzzz   zzzzz   zzzzz


: chinese - requires mandarin interpreter     referrer : sarah pickles   role : cbt therapist   location and team : neighbourhood 2 . lewisham iapt .   contact telephone number :


have further results from her mri scan .   yours sincerely   jim davis   occupational therapist / care coordinator   psychological medicine & integrated    care clinical academic group ( croydon


  thank you for your referral .   yours sincerely   jim davis   occupational therapist / care coordinator   enclosed to gp : copy ct head and amps report   cc


assessment appointment . please ignore previous appointment letter sent . the details for the new assessment appointment are : therapist : catherine hinds , psychodynamic psychotherapist date :   friday 8th september 2017 at 09:30am venue :


of an emergency evacuation . on attending , please go to the main reception so they can let the therapist know you have arrived . if you notice you are feeling anxious about attending your first appointment ,


you to remind yourself that this is a normal feeling that many people experience prior to meeting with a therapist . the purpose of the assessment is to begin to understand the difficulties you are experiencing , how


flexible approach with less structure than traditional trauma focused cbt , with an emphasis on developing trust in the therapist .     she has requested that no correspondence be sent to her home address ,


