today and stated that one of the key symptoms leading to htt referral was that the patient had active suicidal ideations and had intense and intrusive thoughts of hanging herself from the ceiling .    these thoughts


are higher risk than others , particularly when their mental state becomes unstable and they have active and intense suicidal ideations such as this patient .      a patient like zzzzz   should be


basis .      risk :   currently at high risk to herself due to active suicidal ideations although clearly denies an intent to act .    states the baby is a protective factor


team over the coming one week .   cultural barriers means she is unlikely to speak about her suicidal thoughts with her partner and family she lives with as she feels they do not understand what she


. if the patient 's mental state deteriorates further and there is an increase in the intensity of the suicidal ideations , patient advised to go to the a&e with a view to being admitted to the female


, interrupted/ insomnia in the past ) along with other depressive symptoms which were of severe intensity along with suicidal ideation with advice for htt intervention whilst awaiting mbu bed   explored patient 's improvement in mental


have reduced , depressive cognitions continue but reduced in intensity . good range and depth noted .   suicidal thoughts have reduced in frequency and intensity and she tries to distracts herself by playing with baby or


2 weeks to see if improvement sustained .   denies thoughts of harming self or baby . fleeting suicidal thoughts denies intent to act and has strategies to manage them when they occur . husband support this


 initial assessment zzzzz   was initially referred to camhs with concerns about anxiety , low mood and suicidal thoughts .    intervention   she saw dr netherwood and commenced on fluoxetine , which


camhs by his gp in june 2015 after a few months experiencing low mood and poor sleep with some suicidal ideation .   nick currently has a diagnosis of severe depressive episode , which does not seem


others ) including any history of violence or deliberate self harm    ms zzzzz   has suicidal thoughts once or twice a week but would not act due to the impact on her children .


agreed that further sessions would not be helpful at this point . however , his self - harm and suicidal ideation have increased significantly recently in response to life stressors , and i am concerned about his risk


able to use these alternative strategies at the moment .   mr zzzzz   also reported frequent suicidal thoughts and scored 3 on item 9 of phq . thoughts come when he is on his own


current risk :   mr zzzzz   has long - standing issues with low mood and passive suicidal ideation .   from the age of 17 onward mr zzzzz   has a history of


to still be drinking socially , denied any further drug use . there was no further report of any suicidal ideation or thoughts of deliberate self - harm .    the attached medical discharge summary includes


contact with psychiatric services   pathna was first referred to our service in 2006 with low mood and suicidal thoughts in the context of the ending of an affair with a married man .   in


2014 , she seen by the home treatment team and diagnosed with an adjustment reaction , depressed mood and suicidal ideation .   current presenting problem   zzzzz   reported ongoing symptoms of low mood


  she sometimes bangs her head to relieve tension and distress   zzzzz   reported had suicidal thoughts as a child she jumped in a well when her father tried to beat her . the


as following an argument with her boyfriend with the intention of making him ‘feel bad’. last year she had suicidal thoughts – jumping into oncoming traffic – which led to htt input .    today she


– jumping into oncoming traffic – which led to htt input .    today she expressed ongoing suicidal thoughts but no plans . these were firmly linked to being separated from her husband , dihan .


and disappointments . if dihan fails to get citizenship in this country , this might well lead to further suicidal thoughts – she links her wellbeing and willingness to continue living with being re - unified with him


   summary and impressions   zzzzz   has a long history of low mood and suicidal ideation dating back to her difficult family upbringing and subsequent difficult life experiences ( including relative poverty and


last friday i felt overwhelmed with emotions on getting the text message from gadel " . he denied current suicidal thoughts or intent and said he did not want to die when he tried hanging himself but he


:    has history of self - strangulation in suicide attempt on 11/01/2017 . currently denies any suicidal plan and stated that she needs to be there for her children . she does not have thoughts


speaks little english .   he is not a risk to others .   he has no suicidal ideation .   goals for therapy : if mr zzzzz   changes his mind about therapy


