advised to take it by 8 - 9pm to help .    3 . husband looks after child at night , bottle fed at night ( otherwise mixed feeding ) and they all now sleep in


have any further questions or concerns .    kind regards ,     rachel bambury child and adolescent mental health practitioner support , engagement and delivery in schools croydon camhs    


 zzzzz   ran away from home with a boyfriend at the age of 17 and had a child with him at the age of 21 . she got a job as a domestic with the royal


who brought her to this country when she was 26 . as a result she was separated from her child and husband . the royal family treated her contemptuously and left their employment struggling for the next 10


uk for 10 years for allegedly using forged documents to enter this country . she tried to have a child with him which miscarried and last year decided to have an abortion having been advised by friends that


decided to have an abortion having been advised by friends that she was too unwell to look after a child . she described chronically poor sleep which is disrupted by nightmares . her appetite is fine . her


bangs her head to relieve tension and distress   zzzzz   reported had suicidal thoughts as a child she jumped in a well when her father tried to beat her . the clinical records dated 2006


 feelings around baby : this was a planned pregnancy but she was not particularly eager to have another child and her husband was the driving factor . she said that she had ‘no choice’ as her husband


‘no choice’ as her husband wanted a son , but denied any coercion . when she had her second child , she was a single parent and worried about how she would cope . this led to her


worried about how she would cope . this led to her feeling unable to look at or hold her child , impairing their bond significantly – she reports even know she sometimes feels guilty or anxious around him


emotional or practical support he offered , she decided to divorce him while she was pregnant with their second child as he had made no contact with her throughout the entire pregnancy . she met her current partner


significant depressive episode , though it seems likely that she experienced postnatal depression following the birth of her second child and her current situation places her mental state at risk of deterioration .   ms zzzzz 


mental health team . · care coordinator to arrange a home visit to assess home situation and interaction with child and ability to cope at home . · next appointment on 17january 2019 at 11 am . ·


of overcrowding upon zzzzz ’s mental health and the well - being of the children . team around the child meeting was held to consider options to support the family which included referral to our team . 


· play drop in sessions . fun things to see and do with great activities for you and your child to help develop language and social skills and help prepare them for nursery school . we also have


hesitate to contact us .    yours sincerely ,    signe fog pairs project assistant child & adolescent community service lambeth     cc . 	 gp :    the


old lady with a past history of post - natal depression with psychosis following the birth of her second child and has been known to perinatal liaison team , king’s college hospital between 2012 -2013 . she has


	 ? partner   ? father   ? mother   ? sibling   ? client’s child   ? other   	 details ( including diagnosis ):    	 family history


name 	 surname 	 m / f 	 dob 	 where living 	 who with ? 	 subject to child protection plan ?  	 eleanor 	 qqqqq  	 f 	 qqqqq  	 with zzzzz 


daniel as overweight , with poor    selfcare , he is diabetic , describes him as a child in a man’s body . she is not receiving any help from social services nor   


as completing all the domestic adls .   mrs zzzzz   does not currently assume any sole child care responsibilities .   her youngest daughter is 16 .   mental state assessment  


used to self - harm before she had her children but this stopped after the birth of the first child .   she seemed slightly paranoid as she mentioned that she would not want anyone in her


   zzzzz   has been monitored for depression by myself following the birth of her third child 7½ months ago .   zzzzz   has been observed to have bonded well with her


children and others living in the household  	 last name  	 first name  	 relationship to child / children 	 m / f 	 dob or   expected date of delivery 	 ethnicity 


   details of significant others  	 last name  	 first name  	 relationship to child / children 	 m / f 	 dob or   expected date of delivery 	 address 


