time with help from his uncle and aunt whilst she isolates herself in the room . c / o poor sleep and appetite persist .    these symptoms have been there since the antenatal period and have


. was prescribed 150 mg sertraline and promethazine 50 mg by myself 2 weeks ago in the context of poor sleep ( disturbed , interrupted/ insomnia in the past ) along with other depressive symptoms which were of


was referred to lewisham camhs by his gp in june 2015 after a few months experiencing low mood and poor sleep with some suicidal ideation .   nick currently has a diagnosis of severe depressive episode ,


 mrs zzzzz   describes severe symptoms of ptsd ; nightmares at least twice a week and very poor sleep , flashbacks in the day ' coming again and again ' , trouble breathing during her flashbacks


affair and he would beat her . she recalls constant conflict between her parents . the family was quite poor and could barely feed the children . as a result she would sometimes feel to week to go


zzzzz   lives with her 21 year old daughter in a privately rented flat ( she described a poor relationship with the landlord ) . she has a job in the 99p store ( but is currently


having been advised by friends that she was too unwell to look after a child . she described chronically poor sleep which is disrupted by nightmares . her appetite is fine . her concentration is poor and she


she described chronically poor sleep which is disrupted by nightmares . her appetite is fine . her concentration is poor and she sometimes give the wrong change to customers . when she reads , she struggles to retain


the current stressor is separation from her husband ) . currently she has symptoms of low mood eg , poor concentration and motivation . however , this appears to be typical of how she presents when in crisis


and quiet’ that she could enjoy this . her energy levels have been lower , which she links to poor sleep . her sleep is impaired due to the noise both within her flat and outside ( her


4 months . during this period she had more classic depressive symptomatology including persistent low mood , anhedonia , poor sleep and loss of appetite . she was treated with citalopram . since then she has had no


has not had any weight loss .   her daytime energy levels are low , and she has poor concentration .   she is somewhat anxious about the birth , as last time she had an


.   mse :   ms choudhury presented as small stature asian female , casually dressed with poor personal care . she made eye and was cooperative . her speech was relevant and coherent but low


states her daughters are protective factor for her . she reported worrying a lot about her situation and described poor concentration . she was oriented in time , place and person . she is aware she has mental


  presented   with severe depressive and psychotic symptoms comprising of pervasively low mood , tearfulness , poor appetite with clothes feeling loose in the last 2 - 3 months , poor sleep with middle insomnia


low mood , tearfulness , poor appetite with clothes feeling loose in the last 2 - 3 months , poor sleep with middle insomnia , nightmares , and worries about the future and inability to enjoy , paranoia


of recovery .   she was alert and oriented to time , place and person and showed slightly poor attention and concentration although not assessed formally today .   she showed some degree of insight into


zzzzz   was born in fujan province in south china . he said he grew up in a poor family and lived with parents . he went to school , left around 15 - 16 years and


health - was on nutrition drinks from his gp . he is currently undergoing tests as his health is poor due to inadequate diet for the last 15 years . he described a lack of energy  


and the impact of her current housing situation on her mental health as soon as possible . given her poor mental health i would hope her case would be treated with high priority . to be housed in


adult son , daniel < 41 yrs who zzzzz   ld , described daniel as overweight , with poor    selfcare , he is diabetic , describes him as a child in a man’s body


during the day and also sleeps 7 - 8 hours at night . she said that she still has poor attention , concentration with difficulties recalling . she said that she does not want to go to gym


or others .   she was alert and oriented to time , place and person and showed slightly poor attention and concentration .   she showed some degree of insight into her decline in mental state


he goes to play sport but he does not really enjoy activities .    he appeared to have poor appetite and poor sleep .    he is withdrawn from the environment .    he appeared


play sport but he does not really enjoy activities .    he appeared to have poor appetite and poor sleep .    he is withdrawn from the environment .    he appeared to be hopeless


