be seen for an emergency opc appointment in my clinic along with the htt , perinatal nurse , her partner and his family .    as it so happens , she already had a fu appointment in


arrange an urgent apt in my opc for an hour within next 1 week along with htt , her partner , her benefactors ( partner’s uncle and aunt with whom she sought refuge when she first arrived in


been a protective factor so far , however , she has remained very withdrawn and minimally communicative with her partner and his uncle and aunt who they live with and speak the same language ( tamil ) .


and his uncle and aunt who they live with and speak the same language ( tamil ) . her partner cares for the baby most of the time with help from his uncle and aunt whilst she isolates


one week .   cultural barriers means she is unlikely to speak about her suicidal thoughts with her partner and family she lives with as she feels they do not understand what she is going through and


.    she felt pregnant very quickly when she arrived in this country and met her current partner ( nephew of the family she sought refuge with ) and as such does not know him well


htt deferred and patient declined mbu   tamil interpreter present    patient seen along with her partner whom she consented to be present .    they had bought their 4 month old baby


of helplessness to wanting to make a change   perinatal nurse input twice a week   supportive partner and adoptive uncle / aunt and lots of support with childcare   reports being able to sleep


  	 qqqqq   o’qqqqq  	 son 	 qqqqq   	 richard o’qqqqq  	 partner 	  	 	 	  	 	 	  	 	 	     	


frequent arguments and communication problems with his girlfriend , who also has mental health difficulties . mr zzzzz 's partner has been physically aggressive at times , and he has tried to push her away and restrain her


. medication : none recommended at present . 5 . ms zzzzz   has the support of her partner and she can contact the perinatal service , the mental health helpline on 0800 731 2864  


stress resulted when her children were all demanding her attention simultaneously and she got into an argument with her partner who did not seem to appreciate the pressure she felt ; as a result she felt the need


second child as he had made no contact with her throughout the entire pregnancy . she met her current partner a few years ago and they are now married ; he is also from bangladesh and she feels


- 6pm   · qqqqq   qqqqq   qqqqq ,   her relationship with her partner has improved since we last met 3 years ago and he is supportive . he does not work


this is not possible due to her commitments to her mother 's health needs . her relationship with her partner is supportive . her priority is accommodation and having space to vent her feelings .   plan


in building / labouring before coming to the uk . he said the trouble started when he and his partner had an early pregnancy before he was allowed to by the chinese government . he then reported that


religion : 	 	 nationality : 	 marital status : seperated , ex - husband is father  	 partner / next of kin’s personal   or emergency contact details  	 first name : 	 	


social services a few weeks ago though they have not yet contacted her .   please be aware partner isnot aware of pregnancy and he is also not aware of her psychosis and she does not want


psychiatrist yet .   	 family mental health history   ( ( if yes ) 	 ? partner   ? father   ? mother   ? sibling   ? client’s child 


social support ( or lack of )          ? relationship with partner          ? relationship with family     


	 sibling’s name 	 	 	 	  	 sibling’s name 	 	 	 	  	 father / partner 	 	 	 	  	 other adult 	 	 	 	    	 	 family’s


and has children from that relationship . zzzzz   reported whilst she was in last trimester , her partner saw her medication boxes in her house and since then has been making verbal comments to her about


. zzzzz   is felt guilty about taking medication in pregnancy and has not really been seeing her partner . he visits once a week to see the older children typically .    she has


spends most of her day alone in her flat . zzzzz   still feels very dependent on her partner and is worried how she might cope without him .    she has no real friends


however , she state that he had finally agreed to a divorce and admitted that he had a new partner whom he wished to make his wife .   therefore , mrs zzzzz   reported that


