  she began interpersonal therapy ( ipt ) on 13th november and was offered 12 sessions with three parent sessions .    she initially scored 22 on the phq9 depression questionnaire indicating a moderate to


.    zzzzz   attended all the sessions and her mother joined her on the three parent sessions .   ongoing concerns and recommendations   her mood had improved by our last parent


three parent sessions .   ongoing concerns and recommendations   her mood had improved by our last parent session and she felt that the strategies the school were putting in place were supporting her but just


zzzzz zzzzz    ms zzzzz   was referred for an assessment as to her suitability for parent - infant psychotherapy by julie willcock , primary care counsellor at iapt lewisham . i saw her for


  the care plan from this service is to offer ms zzzzz   one year of weekly parent - infant psychotherapy . she will receive a letter inviting her to an initial appointment in the near


a son , but denied any coercion . when she had her second child , she was a single parent and worried about how she would cope . this led to her feeling unable to look at or


   kuly bansal lambeth perinatal team ( via email )        parent and infant relationship service   early intervention , lambeth camhs 5th floor civic centre 6 brixton hill


         		  											   referral form :   parent and infant relationship service ( pairs ) 	 individual 	 forename 	 surname 	 dob /  


   	  your reasons for making this referral   why do you think that this parent and infant may need the support of our service ? it can be helpful to do this with


and infant may need the support of our service ? it can be helpful to do this with the parent and to use some of their own words .  	  background : history of moderate depressive


   as she is now 15 months postnatal , we feel we have explored and offered all parent - infant specific interventions , and feel she could benefit from more generic social inclusion and befriending schemes


this form to us via email : pairs_lambeth@slam.nhs.uk   alternatively , you can post to us at : parent and infant relationship service , 5th floor civic centre , 6 brixton hill , zzzzz , sw2 1eg


went on a train railway for an attempt for suicide , someone saw him and took him to his parent 's house , this was in 2011 . he stayed on the train rails but he was found


of origin / immigration status 	 pakistan    details of any special requirements for the child and/or parent / carer :  	 shiza – autism qqqqq   – developmental delay , autism , fed


, this will have a negative impact on the twins emotional and physical well being .   	 parent / carer views of their parenting / any needs they have zzzzz   feels that she needs


their impact on needs   what services and strategies have been put in place by services and/or the parent / carer ? what impact have these had ? ( use quantifiable evidence where possible )  	


section 10   child and family voices on what has been discussed and agreed so far   parent / carer comments   on the assessment and actions , additional to what they have already included


for the purpose of providing services to me / the child or young person for whom i am the parent / carer . this will be provided in the team around the family approach with a single integrated


 	 	 	      	 	         parent / carer signature  	 signature 	 	 print name 	 	 date  	 	 	 


 child / young person has received a copy of this assessment    formcheckbox    parent / carer has received a copy of this assessment    ? embed word . picture.8 


