plan agreed was as follows :    1 . htt intervention had allowed for the compliance of medication and the plan was for jo to chase up the perinatal psychology referral and joint work with the


mg . excessive sedation reported i.e. unable to get up by 9 am in the morning and reports taking medication at 11 pm . advised to take it by 8 - 9pm to help .   


department of psychological medicine , gstt   gp dr. cameron gibb contact details 020 86706878   current medication :   diazepam 2 mg tablets - one to be taken three times a day , 6


referral ( please include previous history and urgency ):  	 has history of moderate depression in past used medication and counselling - mindfulness at slam had ivf pregnancy - stressful pregnancy as nearly lost babies at 20


2001 ulcerative colitis   1997 hyperlipidaemia    1997 type ii diabetes mellitus    current medication   buprenorphine 10micrograms / hour transdermal patches – 1 patch each week   prochlorperazine 3 mg


1g / application foam enema – pr   i continue to wonder how she manages this raft of medication . i am told it is not in a blister pack and that the pharmacy are not delivering


psychosis . a&e attendances for self harm etc )     is the patient currently taking psychotropic medication ? ( eg             our service is


116 123 ( free ) or email jo@samaritans.org .   antidepressants , sleeping tablets etc , name of medication and dose if possible )   promethazine since november to help her to sleep .  


  please could you offer this young man an assessment appointment with a few to risk management and medication advice . i believe he has previously been seen in your service . i have met with him


1 - 2 glasses of wine once a week and occasionally ingests cannabis . he is not currently taking medication for his mood , but has tried two ssris in the past and would be willing to consider


for his mood , but has tried two ssris in the past and would be willing to consider trying medication again .   current risk   mr zzzzz   self - harms by banging his


or thoughts of deliberate self - harm .    the attached medical discharge summary includes diagnosis and medication .   discharge plan :    · mr zzzzz   was discharged back to


facilitated by southwark home treatment team .   · mr zzzzz   was given 2 weeks of medication on 20th december 2014 . all further supplies will be collected from his gp .   yours


, history of psychosis . a&e attendances for self harm etc ) none is the patient currently taking psychotropic medication ? ( eg antidepressants , sleeping tablets etc , name of medication and dose if possible ) mirtazipine


none is the patient currently taking psychotropic medication ? ( eg antidepressants , sleeping tablets etc , name of medication and dose if possible ) mirtazipine , 40 mg , prescribed december 2017 . reports that it has


2001 ulcerative colitis   1997 hyperlipidaemia    1997 type ii diabetes mellitus    current medication   buprenorphine 10micrograms / hour transdermal patches – 1 patch each week   prochlorperazine 3 mg


1g / application foam enema – pr   i continue to wonder how she manages this raft of medication . i am told it is not in a blister pack and that the pharmacy are not delivering


financial help , having been largely resourceful and self- sufficient since coming to this country .    medication .   she takes venlafaxine when she is not working as it makes her drowsy but relaxed


drowsy but relaxed with improved sleep . she is less likely to act impulsively to harm herself when taking medication . however , during the days she works she does not take it because of the side effects


she linked her recent fainting at work when she collapsed on the stairs with feeling drowsy . i discussed medication with dr lisa conlan who suggested that you can consider either fluoxetine or sertraline ( which are safe


in , he is awaiting an assessment on 20/08/2015 .   he is not currently taking any psychiatric medication , but would like to try an antidepressant .   we would therefore be grateful if you


http://www.slam.nhs.uk"?www.slam.nhs.uk ?    duty phone ( gp only ) 07772895854       pharmacy medication advice line – 020 32282317       ? hyperlink " mailto:slm-tr.lambethalduty@nhs.net " ? slm-tr.lambethalduty@nhs.net


lane , east dulwich zzzzz   se22 8hn it would be helpful you could bring any information or medication that you are currently taking . if this appointment is inconvenient for you please contact us on the


relapse symptoms ( i.e. lack of sleep and increased energy ) then consideration should be given to recommencing antipsychotic medication immediately . plan 1 . to discharge back to your care with advice that if any relapse indicators


	  aggression / violence        ( 	 benefits / finance ( 	 medication     ( 	 physical health ( 	  legal status   ( 	 


