37 weeks however in recent weeks feeling increasingly low in mood and guilty especially when they cry   father of children in full time work with long hours due to long commute . mother has been helping


116 123 ( free ) or email jo@samaritans.org .   in 1995 , zzzzz   witnessed his father and family members blown up in a bomb in sri lanka . he also had brothers who passed


in sri lanka . he also had brothers who passed away in 1991 and 2008 . after losing his father , he joined the lttt and became a videographer for their cause , shooting footage and documentaries of


  zzzzz   reported had suicidal thoughts as a child she jumped in a well when her father tried to beat her . the clinical records dated 2006 indicate that she taken three previous overdoses and


the 27th july 2015 .   diagnosis of mild depression .   he was accompanied by his father . said he was discharged into the care of his father from the maudsley but now feels well


.   he was accompanied by his father . said he was discharged into the care of his father from the maudsley but now feels well enough to go back home to live with his grandfather where


he was transferred to the maudsley . he thinks his girlfriend has obtained an injunction against him . his father volunteered the information that zzzzz 's mother did say something to the effect that the girlfriend has got


moderate range for depression and anxiety on the hads .   mr zzzzz ’s family report that their father has become very isolated and reclusive , remaining mostly in his room in the dark .  


3 sisters and one brother .   his mother is now dead but he does speak to his father on the phone sometimes . his elder brother now lives in spain . mr zzzzz   left


no  	 religion : 	 	 nationality : 	 marital status : seperated , ex - husband is father  	 partner / next of kin’s personal   or emergency contact details  	 first name


vicktesha – tel : 0203 2288119 . zzzzz   had an unexpectedly positive pregnancy test last week , father is ex - husband who she has just got back together with – she says more  


 	 family mental health history   ( ( if yes ) 	 ? partner   ? father   ? mother   ? sibling   ? client’s child   ? other 


was unable to identify any .   she expressed having migraine and so had called the children 's father to take them to school and after they left , she lay down and the voices came strongly


about what she is experiencing .   i discussed option of the children being looked after by their father and/or their grandparents while she gets support and she does not want that to happen .  


	  	 sibling’s name 	 	 	 	  	 sibling’s name 	 	 	 	  	 father / partner 	 	 	 	  	 other adult 	 	 	 	    	


.    he said that due to him not being able to read and write properly , his father was putting too much pressure on him and even sometimes physically beating him and since then he has


results from his school and he , the results were not good and he was beaten up by his father .    he then went on a train railway for an attempt for suicide , someone saw


he said there has been no mental health problems amongst family members .    he said that his father was beating him physically in childhood and his other brother in pakistan was also beating him .  


he had a difficult childhood .    his growing up was with physical and emotional abuse by his father and his brother ( the one wjo lives in pakistan )   in pakistan .    also


was unable to attend a conference with his family .   he got into an argument with his father and he was very frustrated that he had let him down .   due to this frustration


year and she had already made plans to defer the year , things were made even harder when her father died suddenly of a heart attack in november 2017 .      in terms of


she may have to disclose it on her ucas form .   family history :   her father died of a heart attack aged 54 .   her older sister was diagnosed and treated for


 	      	 y 	 zzzzz   	 mahmood 	 zzzzz  	 father 	 m 	 08.04.81 	      	  	     


   psychiatric history   nil   family history   mother has cardiac problems and father had a stroke secondary to hypertension . brothers have asthma .    obstetric history  


