back pain and hip pain have increased over the last couple of weeks .      the depressed mood was very obvious .    she described depressive cognitions of helplessness and hopelessness .   


very heart - rending to see zzzzz   struggling with her thoughts and emotions particularly in her severely depressed state of mind and in the context of what has happened in the past and the losses she


the time of the htt referral , her symptoms were feeling very exhausted , feeling tired , feeling very depressed , crying excessively , feeling overwhelmed , and depressive cognitions of helplessness , hopelessness and worthlessness . this


on board .      i have made zzzzz   aware that when people are very depressed , they are likely to have thoughts of taking their life and there have been cases when they


going out with baby now and the fresh air for both as opposed to before when hip pain and depressed mood means she was withdrawn and isolative   mood seems to have improved , crying spells have


baby daughter , qqqqq   ( 2 months old ) zzzzz   had been become anxious and depressed following a difficult labour and caesarean delivery and she has been finding it very stressful when her baby


  in 2014 , she seen by the home treatment team and diagnosed with an adjustment reaction , depressed mood and suicidal ideation .   current presenting problem   zzzzz   reported ongoing symptoms


  her psychosis was characterized by persecutory delusions , feeling she was followed , auditory hallucinations and feeling depressed and lonely .   she was treated with antipsychotic medications , but she was unsure which ones


, it is likely to have had a psychotic and mood component .   she is currently feeling depressed and unable to cope with looking after her son .   she is at risk of ongoing


good    yes- feeling hopeless    yes - feeling down    yes- feeling depressed    yes - having little interest     yes - not feeling pleasure 


that sure of the reasons for all of the questions .   your mood did not appear overtly depressed but there were a number of thoughts e.g wanting your daughter in law to chastise you rather than


therefore need to transfer her care to other services .     zzzzz   remains significantly depressed , with symptoms including irritability and intolerance of others , agitation , inability to relax , poor sleep


symptoms and i felt she had a reasonable degree of insight . impression unfortunately zzzzz   remains severely depressed and it is likely that some element of post- traumatic stress disorder is further contributing to her symptoms


the discussion . he was a bit grumpy about the discussions around his diabetic control . he was not depressed or psychotic .               


state examination :   he presented clean and tidy and contributed to the discussion . he was not depressed or psychotic .   he was orientated and had insight .      


