this may not necessarily have been intentional .      pelvic girdle dysfunction very early on the pregnancy and which has continued postnatally has not helped .   i understand from jo that her mental


they still   live in different rooms and does not want to be intimate with him since her pregnancy ) but acknowledges he is caring and supportive of her and the baby .     


 	 has history of moderate depression in past used medication and counselling - mindfulness at slam had ivf pregnancy - stressful pregnancy as nearly lost babies at 20 weeks . delivered at 37 weeks however in recent


history of moderate depression in past used medication and counselling - mindfulness at slam had ivf pregnancy - stressful pregnancy as nearly lost babies at 20 weeks . delivered at 37 weeks however in recent weeks feeling increasingly


wish to consider psychological therapy at any point , you may well be aware that iapt prioritise women during pregnancy and in the first two years postnatally .    please do not hesitate to contact us


denied feelings of worthlessness or disproportionate guilt .    feelings around baby : this was a planned pregnancy but she was not particularly eager to have another child and her husband was the driving factor .


while she was pregnant with their second child as he had made no contact with her throughout the entire pregnancy . she met her current partner a few years ago and they are now married ; he is


they have no family support and they are struggling with debts .   although it is a planned pregnancy and they both are happy she is pregnant , her husband says it is going to be hard


before coming to the uk . he said the trouble started when he and his partner had an early pregnancy before he was allowed to by the chinese government . he then reported that the officers came to


	 patient is known to the mappim team . had severe post natal depression with psychosis following her loast pregnancy . this year her depression and psychosis retuirned ( hearing voices and some paranoid thoughts ) followng seperation


slam mental health worker is vicktesha – tel : 0203 2288119 . zzzzz   had an unexpectedly positive pregnancy test last week , father is ex - husband who she has just got back together with –


and qqqqq   5yrs ) . attended epu as peirod dates unlikely and advised scan shows viable singleton pregnancy around 10 weeks .   quite overwhelmed by this , incredibly anixous about the medications she is


she is taking and any possible abnormalities this may cause the baby , also not sure whether to keep pregnancy or not . has not yet told ex - husband . very vulnerable .   is still


weeks ago though they have not yet contacted her .   please be aware partner isnot aware of pregnancy and he is also not aware of her psychosis and she does not want him to know .


around 10 weeks pregnant 	 gravida / parity 	 g 	 	 p 	  	 attitude to the pregnancy / baby :   not sure if she wants the pregnant , believes she will go to


the past 12 months with little effect . zzzzz   was referred to lambeth perinatal team during her pregnancy . this was her third pregnancy . she has two older children ( eleanor and qqqqq ) who


effect . zzzzz   was referred to lambeth perinatal team during her pregnancy . this was her third pregnancy . she has two older children ( eleanor and qqqqq ) who live with her . she is


as it might be damaged in some way . zzzzz   is felt guilty about taking medication in pregnancy and has not really been seeing her partner . he visits once a week to see the older


.    she has continued to take olanzapine 15 mg nocte and mirtazapine 45 mg od throughout pregnancy . she delivered baby emelia in may 2018 . zzzzz   's presentation continues to be similar


a stroke secondary to hypertension . brothers have asthma .    obstetric history   g1p0 . pregnancy is going well . zzzzz   found out she was pregnant just after she left her husband


to see us .   pre & postnatal history   mrs zzzzz   stated that this pregnancy had been unplanned and that she was initially very unhappy as her and her husband had been in


she stated that she was delighted when she discovered she was having a baby girl and she described the pregnancy as no problems and gave birth to a baby girl at 38 weeks .   personal history


