the mdt meeting last week was for the htt to continue to remain involved in light of the high risk    diagnosis :   severe depression with ptsd - antenatal onset and has continued in


discussed the need for a mbu unit admission to look at all the multiple mental health issues , high risk to herself and baby   ( although crisis somewhat contained ) and provide a comprehensive perinatal 


up as soon as possible .    joint working with htt and perinatal team will help contain the risk in the community in the meanwhile . we would revisit the situation in one week .   


the htt   work closely together in the management of this patient such that we can minimise the risk of what happened at the last htt involvement when the patient was discharged without a clear hand -


a clear hand - over or a discharge planning meeting .      perinatal patients are high risk by their very nature and some patients are higher risk than others , particularly when their mental state


.      perinatal patients are high risk by their very nature and some patients are higher risk than others , particularly when their mental state becomes unstable and they have active and intense suicidal ideations


if her mental state deteriorates and needs to be revisited on a regular basis .      risk :   currently at high risk to herself due to active suicidal ideations although clearly denies an


to be revisited on a regular basis .      risk :   currently at high risk to herself due to active suicidal ideations although clearly denies an intent to act .    states


factor and demonstrates willingness to engage with the mental health services .        although the risk is not immediate given some improvement noted due to compliance and htt intervention in the last couple of


noted due to compliance and htt intervention in the last couple of weeks , in my view the high risk remains .      this will need to be monitored closely by the perinatal nurse and


patient and see her regularly as she has been doing . patient in red zone due to current high risk .   3 . urgent htt referral , to monitor mental state and ensure compliance of medications


up appointment in outpatient clinic within 2 weeks given concern about her mental state 2 weeks ago with high risk such that requiring regular perinatal nurse involvement , significant change in mental state and risk - htt deferred


weeks ago with high risk such that requiring regular perinatal nurse involvement , significant change in mental state and risk - htt deferred and patient declined mbu   tamil interpreter present    patient seen along


- they are not a daily basis now and she tries not to dwell on them .   risk   risk to self has reduced as compared to before but will require regular monitoring given the


not a daily basis now and she tries not to dwell on them .   risk   risk to self has reduced as compared to before but will require regular monitoring given the significant change in


     carer / significant others view and their expectations :      risk assessment   past current relevant details   risk yes yes   harm to self overdose


and their expectations :      risk assessment   past current relevant details   risk yes yes   harm to self overdose in the past   harm to others  


in crete   from 11/10/17 - 22/10/17           	 risk history : self harm / suicide / domestic abuse :  	  not known   	


information is up - to - date on epjs .    there are no current concerns about risk to self or others .   best regards ,   manuel navarro   camhs specialist


is that mrs zzzzz   presents as a 62 year old lady with subjective memory concerns and vascular risk factors . · objective testing shows that she does not present with dementia at this stage . 


would like to have a psychological treatment that helps her to move forward from her traumatic experiences . current risk ( to self and others ) including any history of violence or deliberate self harm   


 zzzzz    please could you offer this young man an assessment appointment with a few to risk management and medication advice . i believe he has previously been seen in your service . i have


and suicidal ideation have increased significantly recently in response to life stressors , and i am concerned about his risk to himself . mr zzzzz   has agreed to the referral .   rationale for referral


tried two ssris in the past and would be willing to consider trying medication again .   current risk   mr zzzzz   self - harms by banging his head against the wall when feeling


from each other .   care plan   we discussed a management plan and agreed that managing risk and self - harm need to be prioritised , and that due to his current level of risk


