mrs zzzzz   recently attended the maudsley hospital for an mri brain scan as part of her memory assessment . on the whole the intracranial appearances are normal . however , as you can see from the


consultation as advised in this scan report . mrs zzzzz   has now been referred for a neuropsychological assessment within our service to complete her memory assessment . yours sincerely   melanie hayward   clinical


mrs zzzzz   has now been referred for a neuropsychological assessment within our service to complete her memory assessment . yours sincerely   melanie hayward   clinical nurse specialist   copy to : 


this appointment .   yours sincerely ,   darlene waterman – referrals coordinator   duty and assessment team   map west   cc : gp ?       


        consultant psychiatrist : dr clive o timehin mbbs frcpsych duty and assessment team manager : teresa coyne     perinatal psychiatry out - patients dept of psychological medicine


    carer / significant others view and their expectations :      risk assessment   past current relevant details   risk yes yes   harm to self overdose in


 cc : 	 private & confidential          	  initial assessment zzzzz   was initially referred to camhs with concerns about anxiety , low mood and suicidal thoughts


him , and very responsive to any increase of nick’s difficulties by contacting the school and camhs . all assessment information is up - to - date on epjs .    there are no current concerns


in keeping with her history of hypertension and diabetes .   repeat cognitive testing   the cognitive assessment was limited as this was done in english and not tamil .   she obtained a score


was done in english and not tamil .   she obtained a score of 23/29 at her initial assessment . today she scored 27/29 with 2/3 .    her recall on the aceiii address was


would be suitable for a brief treatment with iapt .   summary of iapt intervention ( eg one assessment only , 6 sessions of cbt etc , what the sessions focussed on ( if applicable ) and


the client’s response ) please append recent discharge summaries if you feel it would be helpful    assessment only     previous psychological treatments – where , when , with whom , for how


            9 february 2018 referrals coordinator south southwark assessment & liaison team 20 - 22 lordship lane east dulwich se22 8hn   southwarksouthassessmentandliaisonteam@slam.nhs.uk   


  zzzzz     zzzzz    please could you offer this young man an assessment appointment with a few to risk management and medication advice . i believe he has previously been seen


.   signature of service user : verbal consent gained     date : 15/1/15 risk assessment for attendance at    bethlem   o.t.   resource   centre  


and has lost interest in eating also .     summary of iapt intervention ( eg one assessment only , 6 sessions of cbt etc , what the sessions focussed on ( if applicable ) and


summaries if you feel it would be helpful     a face - to - face triage assessment with a tamil interpreter was conducted with zzzzz . in consultation with supervisor mary liptrot ( cbt therapist


on his safety . lewisham iapt have provided signposting details for the lewisham migrant and refugee network in his assessment summary letter . other goals identified are as followed :     - to sleep better


in keeping with her history of hypertension and diabetes .   repeat cognitive testing   the cognitive assessment was limited as this was done in english and not tamil .   a score of 23/29


as this was done in english and not tamil .   a score of 23/29 at her initial assessment . today she scored 27/29 with 2/3 .    her recall on the aceiii address was


can consider either fluoxetine or sertraline ( which are safe on overdose ) .     risk assessment   zzzzz   has cut herself in the past ( 2000 ? ) . she has


referral from dr cameron gibb of the living well network hub , i am writing to offer you an assessment appointment with oasis on : date :           


  10:00 place :   190 kennington lane , zzzzz , se11 5dl the purpose of this assessment is to help us think about how you can best be supported with the symptoms that you are


served by buses 196 , 360 , 133 , 59 , 159,155,333 and 415 .    this assessment will be with dr grazia rutigliano , oasis psychiatrist and it will last about one and a half


sutherby mood anxiety and personality   clinical academic group   ( map - cag ) lambeth map assessment and liaison team   380 streatham high road zzzzz   sw16 6hp telephone number : 020


