     the antenatal period had not been easy but she responded reasonably well to medications and support from the perinatal nurse at the time .    physical health problems like chest infections and non


 perinatal nurse input twice a week   supportive partner and adoptive uncle / aunt and lots of support with childcare   reports being able to sleep since being on promethazine and feels has more energy


. fleeting suicidal thoughts denies intent to act and has strategies to manage them when they occur . husband support this .   capacity   has capacity to consent to treatment   plan  


copyright © 2015 , dxs ltd. all rights reserved     mr michael nkadi    support , engagement and delivery in schools early intervention service   croydon camhs christopher wren house 113 high


will be soon . we discussed this referral together . i was hopeful that some focused cbt would help support her with managing her anxiety around school work and achievement .     please do not


.    kind regards ,     rachel bambury child and adolescent mental health practitioner support , engagement and delivery in schools croydon camhs      	 - 2 - chaucer


your needs . you will be meeting with sarah ryan ( adult health practitioner ) and shohreh jamshidi ( support practitioner )   i hope this time and date are convenient for you please contact us on


and send emails and do online transactions . she is happier in herself as her family are providing more support . she continues to report pain in her neck , she recently has been concerned with lethargy and


still be referred back through your gp   also if you are distressed or in crisis and need support , or if you need advice or information about our services . any local resident can call us


us on freephone : 0800 731 2864 and • press 1 to speak to our 24 hour mental health support line , or   press 2 for advice and information from our patient advice and liaison service


and send emails and do online transactions . she is happier in herself as her family are providing more support . she continues to report pain in her neck , she recently has been concerned with lethargy and


look forward to meeting you on 24th august . best wishes ,   jean ajagbe referrals coordinator / support worker   190 kennington lane            


straight to oasis , if needed .    best wishes jean ajagbe referrals co - ordinator & support worker cc dr gibb        paxton green group practice 190 kennington lane


mobile on several occasions ; we hope that your situation has improved and that you no longer need our support .    however , if you would like to be seen by the lambeth assessment and


if you could complete and bring with you to your appointment ; and finally information on how to get support if you are in a crisis .   we are using an sms text system to remind


   athena : https://www.refuge.org.uk/our-work/our-services/one-stop-shop-services/athena/    athena is a service run by ‘refuge’ specialises in offering support for those experiencing gender based violence . it’s open to women and girls aged 13 + , men


13 + , men aged 16 + and anyone identifying as transgender or currently questioning their gender identity . support is offered in the form of , for e.g. , providing a supportive space to talk , helping


doing one therapy to then start another . it is important for her to start to build up a support network that is outside of the mental health system and they think athena would help her to do


on by the team . once the decision has been made you will contact the southwark wellbeing hub for support around housing and employment . it was a pleasure to work with you and i am hoping the


she is currently 6 months postpartum .   plan 1 . helen okpoh has written a letter of support for housing ; this intervention seems the most likely to improve ms zzzzz ’s mental wellbeing . all


is inadequate . 2 . helen will refer ms zzzzz   to the parental mental health team for support in managing her stress levels and maintaining a positive bond with her children . if accepted , her


gp . 4 . medication : none recommended at present . 5 . ms zzzzz   has the support of her partner and she can contact the perinatal service , the mental health helpline on 0800 731


but he was ultimately unable to obtain a uk visa . due to the lack of emotional or practical support he offered , she decided to divorce him while she was pregnant with their second child as he


impression and formulation ms zzzzz   is understandably distressed by her housing situation and relative lack of social support . this is having effects on her mood and on her relationship with her children . outside of


 	 forensic history : indecent assault 1978 – place on sexual offenders register until 2006  	 social support & activities of daily living :     	 finance   no issues noted .


