referral : 	 11/10/2017  	 referrers address : 	  	 contact number / email : 	 	 relationship   with client : 	     	 person referred  	 name : 	


 se15     	 children and other adults in the household :  	 name 	 relationship 	 d.o.b./edd  	 qqqqq   o’brein 	 son 	 qqqqq   	 qqqqq  


been ' all over the shop ' due to feeling stressed about his work situation , his housing and relationship . in brief , he is finding it difficult to find sufficient freelance work , and worries about


  lives with her 21 year old daughter in a privately rented flat ( she described a poor relationship with the landlord ) . she has a job in the 99p store ( but is currently only


when she reads , she struggles to retain the subject matter .    she has a difficult relationship with her daughter which zzzzz   suspects is owing to the prior 10 year separation from her


attempting to return to this country and it is this thought that keeps her alive . she describes this relationship as the first positive experience in her life which before meeting him was full of hardship and disappointments


come to the uk . she described her first husband as young and too immature to have an adult relationship ( he was 20 when they married ) ; she visited him in bangladesh occasionally and they had


housing situation and relative lack of social support . this is having effects on her mood and on her relationship with her children . outside of the effects of her social situation , she does not display symptoms


symptoms or phenomena .   her psychotic illness occurred in the context of an emotionally and physically abusive relationship with her ex - husband .   she said both her ex - husband and his family


said both her ex - husband and his family were abusive .   she reports that her current relationship with qqqqq   is supportive with no abuse .   she came to uk in 2010


- friday 1 - 6pm   · qqqqq   qqqqq   qqqqq ,   her relationship with her partner has improved since we last met 3 years ago and he is supportive . he


birth group but this is not possible due to her commitments to her mother 's health needs . her relationship with her partner is supportive . her priority is accommodation and having space to vent her feelings .


kuly bansal lambeth perinatal team ( via email )        parent and infant relationship service   early intervention , lambeth camhs 5th floor civic centre 6 brixton hill   brixton


   if matters change , or you can provide more information that would suggest there is clear relationship difficulty between mother and baby , then we would be happy to reconsider .   if you


	 ? social support ( or lack of )          ? relationship with partner          ? relationship with family   


     ? relationship with partner          ? relationship with family            ? employment   


      		  											   referral form :   parent and infant relationship service ( pairs ) 	 individual 	 forename 	 surname 	 dob /   edd 	 nhs


but he remains quite influential and takes the older children out at weekends . he is engaged in another relationship and has children from that relationship . zzzzz   reported whilst she was in last trimester ,


takes the older children out at weekends . he is engaged in another relationship and has children from that relationship . zzzzz   reported whilst she was in last trimester , her partner saw her medication boxes


increase when she is under a lot of stress and overthinks . zzzzz   was hopeful that her relationship would be reconciled but believes this is unlikely and has been distressed . despite this she has tried


us via email : pairs_lambeth@slam.nhs.uk   alternatively , you can post to us at : parent and infant relationship service , 5th floor civic centre , 6 brixton hill , zzzzz , sw2 1eg   


brother in pakistan was also beating him .    he has a brother here in the uk and relationship between him and his brother in the uk is good .    he is currently staying with


due to the embarrassment he was receiving through his teacher .    he is not currently in a relationship .    he is not currently working .    he has no children .    also


) , children and others living in the household  	 last name  	 first name  	 relationship to child / children 	 m / f 	 dob or   expected date of delivery 	


     details of significant others  	 last name  	 first name  	 relationship to child / children 	 m / f 	 dob or   expected date of delivery 	


