has obsessive ruminations of the traumatic events that have taken place in the past and she often remembers her mother ( adducted along with her , tortured and presumed dead ) and her sister ( missing / gone


consider an admission to the female inpatient psychiatric unit .      a decision to separate the mother and the baby is not one to be taken lightly , however , if the mental state is


a moderate to severe depressive episode .    zzzzz   attended all the sessions and her mother joined her on the three parent sessions .   ongoing concerns and recommendations   her mood


they cry   father of children in full time work with long hours due to long commute . mother has been helping but now abroad for next 3 months considering employing doula for few hours a week


                 ward : mother and baby ( would staff please check to see what the service - user prefers to be called


 hospital no :              ward : mother and baby 1 . warning signs of distress , any action to be taken , and current coping


  was born in qqqqq the middle of 5 children . she recalled a difficult childhood . her mother was suspicious that he husband was having an affair and he would beat her . she recalls constant


he thinks his girlfriend has obtained an injunction against him . his father volunteered the information that zzzzz 's mother did say something to the effect that the girlfriend has got bipolar and her 8 year old son


zzzzz   was attentive to hawaa and is plainly dedicated to her baby and to her role as mother . she struggles with chronic anxiety symptoms and also has some physical limitations .    the


fleeting . when she has these thoughts she remembers what it was like for her growing up without a mother and she does not wish this upon her children ; she also recalls her faith . she has


not feel at home there and felt apart from the family , a feeling which has persisted . her mother was absent from her narrative ; when i asked she said that she visited her mother for brief


persisted . her mother was absent from her narrative ; when i asked she said that she visited her mother for brief periods occasionally but has had relatively little contact with her . she went to qqqqq in


family .   she is often tearful and feels guilty and feels that she is not a good mother .     she gets anxious about small things such as noises from the boiler .


were mostly logical and linear .    she feels guilty and worthless about her ability as a mother to look after her son .   there were no delusional ideas expressed , and she denied


  zzzzz   was known to our service previously and was discharged 24.7.2013 . she explained her mother came to live with them on 8/10/16 as she was not getting on with the sister who was


was not getting on with the sister who was caring for her . the tenancy in greenwich was her mother 's and there are some concerns as she has given this up to her daughter now . 


and there are some concerns as she has given this up to her daughter now .   her mother is 70 years old and had multiple health problems including diabetes , arthritis , high blood pressure and


with no space to live which is understandable given the social circumstances summary   a 31 year old mother of 3 children caring for a disabled 70 year old mother in a 2 bedroom 1st floor flat


circumstances summary   a 31 year old mother of 3 children caring for a disabled 70 year old mother in a 2 bedroom 1st floor flat . i have known zzzzz   previously and she was


to attend the keeping well post birth group but this is not possible due to her commitments to her mother 's health needs . her relationship with her partner is supportive . her priority is accommodation and having


unable to attend the centres   · discus referral to iapt as she is unable to leave her mother for too long   · zzzzz   to   attend salivation army toddler group on


if matters change , or you can provide more information that would suggest there is clear relationship difficulty between mother and baby , then we would be happy to reconsider .   if you wish to discuss


  he was the fourth of five children with 3 sisters and one brother .   his mother is now dead but he does speak to his father on the phone sometimes . his elder brother


health history   ( ( if yes ) 	 ? partner   ? father   ? mother   ? sibling   ? client’s child   ? other   	 details (


   	 family history of perinatal mental illness   ( ( if yes ) 	 ? mother   ? grandmother   ? sister   ? aunt   ? daughter  


