suicide attempt but came close several years ago when feeling very stressed , and then changed his mind when friends supported him and his situation improved . he has tried phoning the samaritans in the past but did


reports that he can become angry easily and his anger can be directed towards his wife . he has friends however does not feel motivated to meet with them . he reports that he is not currently linked


have a child with him which miscarried and last year decided to have an abortion having been advised by friends that she was too unwell to look after a child . she described chronically poor sleep which is


 our ref :    mw / sw 1 september 2015   dr. karim   friends road medical practice   49 friends road   zzzzz    cr0 1ed dear dr.


mw / sw 1 september 2015   dr. karim   friends road medical practice   49 friends road   zzzzz    cr0 1ed dear dr. karim ,   re : zzzzz


sw   our ref :    ch / md 29 november 2018 dr c j wilcock friends road medical practice 49 friends road zzzzz     cr0 1ed dear dr wilcock zzzzz 


:    ch / md 29 november 2018 dr c j wilcock friends road medical practice 49 friends road zzzzz     cr0 1ed dear dr wilcock zzzzz   zzzzz   


only cares for his family and not her . she feels she is on her own and has no friends or family and no one to talk to .   she is interested to find out about


he has heard there is a lot of knife crime .   he has 3 - 4 good friends in the uk . risk : mr zzzzz   is vulnerable to exploitation because he speaks little


) relationships and c ) physical health living situation - lives in a room in a house with several friends sharing a room . reported little structure to his day . spends a lot of time indoors .


£ 35 from the charity , no benefits . unable to work .   has 3 - 4 friends .   physical health - was on nutrition drinks from his gp . he is currently undergoing


– use to go to chinatown , use to enjoy    playing majong , dancing and meeting friends , does not go out , does not enjoy cooking , is clumsy , and worries and 


her partner and is worried how she might cope without him .    she has no real friends and her family are in hong kong . she usually just leaves the house to go to and


obtain any further support for her , as it appears she is quite isolated with no other family or friends .   we also agreed to contact the local children’s service and any other agencies who could


