adults in the household :  	 name 	 relationship 	 d.o.b./edd  	 qqqqq   o’brein 	 son 	 qqqqq   	 qqqqq   o’qqqqq  	 son 	 qqqqq   	 richard


 	 qqqqq   o’brein 	 son 	 qqqqq   	 qqqqq   o’qqqqq  	 son 	 qqqqq   	 richard o’qqqqq  	 partner 	  	 	 	  	 	


's mother did say something to the effect that the girlfriend has got bipolar and her 8 year old son has got autism .   on mental state examination , zzzzz   said his sleep is


some ‘peace and quiet’ but has no time to herself .    the introduction of her newest son qqqqq   has exacerbated this problem . these stresses occasionally build up to the point that she


flat and outside ( her bedroom faces a main road ) , as well as being woken by her son 2 - 3 times per night . if it were not for this , she feels that she


her husband was the driving factor . she said that she had ‘no choice’ as her husband wanted a son , but denied any coercion . when she had her second child , she was a single parent


  	 where seen : clinic , maudsley hospital  	 who present : mr zzzzz , his son islam and daughter nalima   	 reason for referral :   further assessment of memory following


is reduced and without prompting he would not eat .  	 carer account : carer account obtained from son and daughter who reported the following : · there was an overnight change in their father’s presentation in


helped with interpreting to bangladeshi .   she lives with him and her 3 - year - old son , qqqqq , in a 1 - bedroom rented flat , and is expecting her second qqqqq 


.    she feels guilty and worthless about her ability as a mother to look after her son .   there were no delusional ideas expressed , and she denied psychotic symptoms on thorough screening


and mood component .   she is currently feeling depressed and unable to cope with looking after her son .   she is at risk of ongoing or worsening depression and relapse of her psychotic illness


  mrs zzzzz   was accompanied by her husband .    cantonese interpreter present . son , alan , on intercom as he lives in bristol       apologised ,


, she zzzzz   been feeling forgetful , exhausted    and overwhelmed caring for her adult son , daniel < 41 yrs who zzzzz   ld , described daniel as overweight , with poor


episode in 2004 ) . was on for about 6/12 – said unhelpful and returned    with son and placed on sertraline . felt hopeless and desperate – took dettol .     


.      2     social situation – lives with husband and adult son , daniel , who zzzzz   ld , in owner occupied property , reports no  


in owner occupied property , reports no    financial difficulties , no immigration issues , other adult son , alan , lives in bristol . both retired .        risk


, disturbed    sleep and fleeting suicidal thoughts . no identifiable precipitant . overwhelmed caring for adult son . current problems    maintained by ongoing caring responsibility for son . protective factors include insight


precipitant . overwhelmed caring for adult son . current problems    maintained by ongoing caring responsibility for son . protective factors include insight and preparedness to engage in    services , accept medication ,


factors include insight and preparedness to engage in    services , accept medication , support husband and son .        care plan     1 ) medication review


for counselling    3 ) referral for assessment of need ( integrated disabilities team ) for adult son with ld     4 ) supervision and support by husband 24/7    


medication management at our end will do little unless there is increased support and help for mrs zzzzz ’s son ,    daniel as he is only receiving 5 hours care via mencap .  


issues , a cantonese interpreter will need to be arranged , plus also contact with mrs zzzzz ’s other son , alan    zzzzz   ( 07746045111 ) would also be helpful in collating collateral


 zzzzz zzzzz , zzzzz zzzzz      today , i met with zzzzz , her son , qqqqq , and care coordinator kevin costello   at the queens resource centre .  


queens resource centre .      zzzzz   still lives with her husband , her son , her son’s wife and their two   children . even if prompted , zzzzz  


  children . even if prompted , zzzzz   does not like to go out . her son stated “she   has always been like that but there were times when she used to go


