head often . he reports feeling very sad , scared and angry easily and will sometimes shout at his wife and throw objects . zzzzz   has recently had his visa application rejected and is required to


. zzzzz   stayed in a refugee camp for 2 weeks before moving to the uk with first wife who sponsored him ( also an lttt member ) . he has since divorced her and married his


who sponsored him ( also an lttt member ) . he has since divorced her and married his current wife , who has british citizenship . he had a visa to reside in the uk however received a


 zzzzz   reports that he can become angry easily and his anger can be directed towards his wife . he has friends however does not feel motivated to meet with them . he reports that he


himself or end his life reported . no history of suicide attempts reported . zzzzz   cited his wife as a protective factor in stopping himself from acting on such thoughts . in terms of self -


in the uk is good .    he is currently staying with his brother , his brother 's wife and their two children .    their children are six and half years old and one year


     zzzzz   still lives with her husband , her son , her son’s wife and their two   children . even if prompted , zzzzz   does not like to


of her husband on the 22 july 2015 .   mr zzzzz   provided interpretation for his wife and mrs zzzzz   agreed to participate in this assessment .   history of presenting problem


 she does not now leave the house unaccompanied .   mr zzzzz   reported that his wife will forget the day and date and appears forgetful of recent conversations and events .   he


not prepared dinner to her taste she might shout at her , however mr zzzzz   denied his wife suffering from anomia and continues to use her first language as well as before .   mrs


and cleaning as well as laying out her mother’s clothes .   according to mr zzzzz , his wife has not completed any housework for over 2 years .   she remains socially isolated and often


fiancée a few weeks ago and she is due to move from scotland in the near future . his wife has been putting him under pressure with regards to sorting out their living arrangements , although he says


a care programme approach meeting for the date below . i will also invite your gp and hope your wife can attend also . importantly , i am going on a / l from the 27/7/17 to the


	 stopped when patient agreed to take oral olanzapine + mirtazepine  	 05/2006 	 olanzapine 10 mg 	 wife states he is better , able to look after himself , less aggressive .  	 05/2006 	


team felt mood improved , patient refused it .  	 06/2015- current 	 escitalopram upto 10 mg 	 wife feels not helping .  	 	 	  	 	 	    sofia dewji senior


finally agreed to a divorce and admitted that he had a new partner whom he wished to make his wife .   therefore , mrs zzzzz   reported that over the last couple of weeks she


our discussions surrounding his access to sugar and over eating . he also won’t do any exercise . his wife explained that he has meals at a set time at home and the care home should try to


mr zzzzz   dislikes staying at manon house but this is the best fit for him and his wife and her family .              


and physically looked slimmer and healthier . hus sugar intake is being monitored by the home staff and his wife . he still manages to secret some sugar but generally is compliant with sugar- free foods . he


mr zzzzz   dislikes staying at manon house but this is the best fit for him and his wife and her family .              


  2 ) care coordinator to monitor and support manon house and mr zzzzz   and his wife .                 


