se15 2ts  	 contact number : 	  	 ethnicity : 	  	 language spoken : 	 english 	 interpreter required : 	 yes / no  	 physical disability : 	  	 gp details


history of presenting complaint   mrs zzzzz   reports that she can be repetitive .   english is not her first language , her first language is tamil .   she struggles with remembering


diabetes .   repeat cognitive testing   the cognitive assessment was limited as this was done in english and not tamil .   she obtained a score of 23/29 at her initial assessment . today


history of presenting complaint   mrs zzzzz   reports that she can be repetitive .   english is not her first language , her first language is tamil .   she struggles with remembering


diabetes .   repeat cognitive testing   the cognitive assessment was limited as this was done in english and not tamil .   a score of 23/29 at her initial assessment . today she scored


 · has to sleep with the light on   · finds it hard to read and write english was never a problem in the past   · has varying recall   · was getting


zzzzz ’s cognitive functioning . however , his limited education , low mood and now reduced comprehension of the english language should also be taken into consideration . insight : mr rahm is aware of there being changes


made eye contact , but frequently turned to her husband to provide responses to questions .   her english is limited , so this was partly due to communication difficulty . she spoke with a strong accent


zzzzz zzzzz zzzzz   zzzzz   dear zzzzz   amardeep service is inviting you to attend english literacy classes starting monday 17th august 2015 .   these classes will run once a week for


six weeks . our aim is to hold a user - led group to encourage service users with limited english to increase and improve english speaking and literacy skills .   amardeep service users will help you


is to hold a user - led group to encourage service users with limited english to increase and improve english speaking and literacy skills .   amardeep service users will help you in language skills appropriate to


   zzzzz   dob : zzzzz     	 communication needs speaks very good english and has good comprehension and coherency     	 g.p details    dr newton


friends in the uk . risk : mr zzzzz   is vulnerable to exploitation because he speaks little english .   he is not a risk to others .   he has no suicidal ideation


zzzzz , zzzzz post code  	 zzzzz  	 mobile 	 zzzzz   	 spoken language 	 english and mandarin 	 telephone 	      	 key professionals involved if you are the


especially fearful of groups . worries she will say the wrong thing / not express herself properly due to english being her second language . interventions offered to date : elpful information about the family   


also his interpreter in the meeting with the patient 's consent , considering the patient can not communicate in english .    dr gopinath ranjith consultant liaison psychiatrist was also present in the meeting and the patient


  has been living in the uk since 1982 .   however , she can not speak english and her son translated the content of the   interview . zzzzz   reported feeling “well”


experiencing psychotic depression from time to time and also she has memory issues . she also can not speak english . the family is unable to leave her alone due to these issues . mrs. zzzzz ’s daughter


floor with lift )    section 5   additional family details  	 first language 	 english    interpreter / signer needed ?      formcheckbox    yes


health , and support / advice as necessary .   she speaks urdu but her husband speaks good english .   she is currently stable on sertraline 50 mg .   she gets her repeat


wither zzzzz   and   ltt and advised she can be seen without an interpreter as her english is good , and they will try to prioritise her as she is pregnant .   


