four month old baby girl had recently had her vaccinations and was not very well .    her husband had stayed behind to look after the baby ( her husband has accompanied for all the appointments prior


was not very well .    her husband had stayed behind to look after the baby ( her husband has accompanied for all the appointments prior to this ) .   a tamil interpreter was present


baby . fleeting suicidal thoughts denies intent to act and has strategies to manage them when they occur . husband support this .   capacity   has capacity to consent to treatment   plan 


11 pm . advised to take it by 8 - 9pm to help .    3 . husband looks after child at night , bottle fed at night ( otherwise mixed feeding ) and they all


conflict in sri lanka , many of which she witnessed herself .       her husband came to the uk in 2001 and she came here in 2016 .     current


employment / leisure time , b ) relationships and c ) physical health   she lives with her husband and two adult children .   her husband is working , but as she is a sponsored


c ) physical health   she lives with her husband and two adult children .   her husband is working , but as she is a sponsored spouse she has no access to public funds and


spouse she has no access to public funds and does not seem to receive very much money from her husband .    she has an artificial leg and her mobility is affected , making it impossible


 dear mrs zzzzz , reviewed in clinic by dr mujtaba with cco , temi lawal , and your husband mr zzzzz , on 20/11/2017 .   diagnoses : depressive disorder and ptsd- currently mild / moderate


qqqqq the middle of 5 children . she recalled a difficult childhood . her mother was suspicious that he husband was having an affair and he would beat her . she recalls constant conflict between her parents .


her to this country when she was 26 . as a result she was separated from her child and husband . the royal family treated her contemptuously and left their employment struggling for the next 10 years in


raped by a sri lankan man who she had turned to for help . while away from qqqqq her husband had an affair with another women and divorced her .    zzzzz   lives with


working part time ) . zzzzz   re - married in qqqqq in april last year but her husband , dihan , has not been granted citizenship in the uk . she is not in receipt of


presenting problem   zzzzz   reported ongoing symptoms of low mood reactive to being separated from her husband who was refused a visa in 2012 and was thereafter banned from travelling to the uk for 10


today she expressed ongoing suicidal thoughts but no plans . these were firmly linked to being separated from her husband , dihan . she reported that when she is with him ( she was in qqqqq for 3


episodes are reactive to whatever psycho - social stressors she experiences ( the current stressor is separation from her husband ) . currently she has symptoms of low mood eg , poor concentration and motivation . however ,


 both of these mental health relapses were related to the domestic violence she had experienced from her previous husband .     she was seen by our team for assessment in late september 2014 and


 at this point we feel that her mental health is very good and stable and she and her husband are in agreement with this .   we have therefore agreed to discharge her back to your


education and ccg roles .   she has completed her revalidation cycle .   she and her husband have recently put in an offer on a new house and are looking forward to this change .


  explained that the main issue for her at present is her housing situation . she , her husband and 4 children ( aged 14 , 7 , 3 and 6 months ) live in a one


, 7 , 3 and 6 months ) live in a one - bedroom flat . she and her husband share the bedroom with the two youngest children and the elder children have a bunk bed in the


to get away from things temporarily so left to stay with her aunt for a day , leaving her husband and children in the flat . she did not tell her husband where she was as she wanted


aunt for a day , leaving her husband and children in the flat . she did not tell her husband where she was as she wanted some time to herself . she reports that most of her irritability


she wanted some time to herself . she reports that most of her irritability has been directed towards her husband , though she has been quicker to anger with her children too . she feels bad that her


baby : this was a planned pregnancy but she was not particularly eager to have another child and her husband was the driving factor . she said that she had ‘no choice’ as her husband wanted a son


