that he husband was having an affair and he would beat her . she recalls constant conflict between her parents . the family was quite poor and could barely feed the children . as a result she would


nil   personal & social history ms zzzzz   was born and raised in bangladesh . her parents divorced when she was around 2 ; she was mostly raised by her father’s stepmother . this was


in fujan province in south china . he said he grew up in a poor family and lived with parents . he went to school , left around 15 - 16 years and was working in building /


   he said that his difficulties started since his childhood when he was living in pakistan with his parents and his brother and two sisters .    he said that due to him not being able


he stayed on the train rails but he was found by a family friend and was taken to his parents .          drug and alcohol history : mr zzzzz   denied taking any


his confidence .        family history : mr zzzzz   said that he has his parents back home in pakistan and he has one brother and two sisters there , both sisters and brother


some very mild superficial grazes to the left thigh area .   he was subsequently stopped by his parents . mr zzzzz   said this was a spontaneous action and he did not have any prior


of their own development / any needs they have           parents and carers   basic care , ensuring safety and protection ; emotional warmth and stability ; guidance


and protection ; emotional warmth and stability ; guidance , boundaries and stimulation  	 strengths  	 both parents are extremely diligent in providing all the care which children require .  	 needs  	 as


providing all the care which children require .  	 needs  	 as the children grow older , parents are finding it more and more demanding to meet the twins’ needs . bother children have numerous medical


more demanding to meet the twins’ needs . bother children have numerous medical appointments which need attending . both parents have to take shiza to school in the car , as it is impossible to walk with her


  	 impact on the development of the unborn baby , child or young person 	 if the parents are burnt out with caring for the twins , this will have a negative impact on the twins


to one care at school and the lack of any care during term breaks makes it impossible for the parents to support the twins varying needs by themselves .         


reluctant to go . qqqqq   is attending livity school in lambeth . there is concern from the parents that the school is not providing a suitable level of learning for qqqqq .  	 impact on


for two children the same age , both with significant special needs , is becoming extremely difficult for the parents .     2 ) the primary area(s ) of need for this child and family


  zzzzz   has one younger sister who is a doctor and two younger brothers . her parents are retired bankers . zzzzz   worked as a classroom teacher in pakistan .   


difference from your families but that doesn’t mean they wrong . they are just different . understand where your parents choices have come from and accept that . its ok to have different desires for yourself . 


