/ f flat , zzzzz zzzzz zzzzz    dear zzzzz   i can confirm that an appointment has been booked for you to see mandy addison ,        


on : friday 30 january 2015 at 10.30am . in the meantime , should a crisis arise before your appointment date , you are advised to contact your gp in the first instance .   purley resource


to speak to the duty officer .   kindly let us know if you’re unable to keep this appointment .   yours sincerely ,   darlene waterman – referrals coordinator   duty and assessment


   zzzzz zzzzz , zzzzz   i saw your above named patient for a follow up appointment in my perinatal opc clinic on 31st october 2016 .   zzzzz   is four months


accompanied for all the appointments prior to this ) .   a tamil interpreter was present for this appointment .   purpose of the urgent appointment today    discussed and agreed at mdt on


) .   a tamil interpreter was present for this appointment .   purpose of the urgent appointment today    discussed and agreed at mdt on 24 oct 2016 for the patient to be


discussed and agreed at mdt on 24 oct 2016 for the patient to be seen for an emergency opc appointment in my clinic along with the htt , perinatal nurse , her partner and his family .  


, her partner and his family .    as it so happens , she already had a fu appointment in my clinic for the day that we were suggesting at the time and the next patient dna


slot as it were .       jo proctor , perinatal nurse joined us for the appointment shortly afterwards .   htt did not attend    it is not clear to me


breast - feeding .    i have only come into the knowledge of this information at the joint appointment today on the from jo .    this is unfortunate as an increase in medications was necessary


treatment as they had an influence on her decisions regarding treatment .   4 . the urgent opc appointment in my clinic was to assess her mental state with a mdt approach in line with good practice


was due to go on a week’s leave next day ) – i became aware of this at the appointment today and looking up the epjs records as htt did not turn for the appointment today . 


of this at the appointment today and looking up the epjs records as htt did not turn for the appointment today .      interview with the patient and mental state examination   panameswari was


and mental state examination   panameswari was well groomed and attired , reasonably cooperative and communicative for the appointment today .    she was very tearful throughout the interview , quite overwhelmed and came across as


had such thoughts , however , they are persistent .   jo confirmed this at the joint - appointment today and stated that one of the key symptoms leading to htt referral was that the patient had


point in time .   again i have only come into the knowledge of this information only at the appointment today .      i understood at the time of the htt referral , her symptoms


4 . jo to please make an urgent mbu referral as discussed and agreed with the patient at the appointment today . patient has agreed to informal admission when bed becomes available .   5 . jo


the female inpatient psychiatric unit . patient is on board with this .   7 . follow up appointment in the perinatal opc : admin- prioristise apt pls .   it is anticipated that the patient


   zzzzz zzzzz , zzzzz   i saw your above named patient for a follow up appointment in my perinatal opc clinic on monday 14th november 2016 for an emergency appointment as patient was in


patient for a follow up appointment in my perinatal opc clinic on monday 14th november 2016 for an emergency appointment as patient was in relapse ..   follow up appointment in outpatient clinic within 2 weeks given


on monday 14th november 2016 for an emergency appointment as patient was in relapse ..   follow up appointment in outpatient clinic within 2 weeks given concern about her mental state 2 weeks ago with high risk


   zzzzz    dear ms zzzzz   we are pleased to offer you an appointment at your home on : tuesday the 21st of november 2017 at 3 pm the purpose of this


reminders for appointments and this system works well for her . otherwise she tends to carry with her future appointment letters and looks at them daily . she has not been able to use her phone calendar and


              re :   outpatient appointment   i am writing to confirm your scheduled follow up appointment with the perinatal psychiatry team .


  re :   outpatient appointment   i am writing to confirm your scheduled follow up appointment with the perinatal psychiatry team .   your appointment has been scheduled for :   date


