with his girlfriend . two weeks ago he described repeatedly banging his head against the wall with the full weight of his body . he had bruises on his forehead and experienced quite severe pain which took over


.   zzzzz   lost interest in eating , resulting in him losing approximately 5 kg in weight . he reports feeling tired and often experiences pains in his head and pain in his leg from


in the context of a moderate depression .   mr zzzzz   has a reduced appetite and weight loss , anhedonia . he is scoring in the moderate range for depression and anxiety on the hads


· needs much prompting to attend to personal care and to eat ( has lost quite a bit of weight and now needs smaller clothes )   · spends his day sitting in the dark and can


hours of broken sleep at night .   her appetite is reduced but she has not had any weight loss .   her daytime energy levels are low , and she has poor concentration . 


will refer her to the team psychologist emma for talking therapy .   we discussed ways of managing weight gain problem from olanzapine including managing her diet and increasing level of physical activities .   she


and we encouraged her in this respect . issues about diet and increasing exercise were discussed to help with weight control needed from medication side effect .   mse :   ms choudhury presented as small


history of psychological therapy : none known medication : gp prescribes physical health : gp has concerns about low weight and prescribed nutritional drinks to boost his diet   personal and family history : mr zzzzz 


   is daniel .        she describes difficulty with sleep , weight loss , no motivation in doing things – use to go to chinatown , use to enjoy 


5 mg daily   your only concern about the medication was that it is making you put on weight .   i note that you went upstairs to get some medication when you saw i only


who reported enjoying her food but also reported low appetite .   her husband denied she has any weight loss .   she complained of headache during the assessment and was objectively flat but also reported


hours of sleep a night .   her appetite is low , although she has not lost any weight .   zzzzz   described thoughts that life is not worth living , but had no


	 from gresham  	 08/2006 ( on mirtazapine 15 mg , olanzapine 7.5mg - reduced maybe due to weight gain )  	 08/2009 	 fluoxetine upto 40 mg 	 then ect ( until 7/2010 ) (


