  locum consultant psychiatrist : dr matheesha gunathilake mrcpsych , msc , sac ( dip ) duty and assessment team manager : jane jefferies   cascaid reay house lambeth hospital 108 landor road zzzzz  


.   yours sincerely ,   felicia adjei   duty nurse on the behalf of the assessment team cc : gp brixton hill group practice    22 raleigh gardens   brixton hill


personality     clinical academic group ( map - cag )       assessment and liaison team ( south lambeth )    380 streatham high road    zzzzz


was found to be tearful and visibly depressed by the las . she was taken to a&e for further assessment .   clinical progress :   engaged with htt for a brief period . reported improved


 zzzzz zzzzz zzzzz    zzzzz   dear mr zzzzz , i have rebooked your initial assessment with dr mudasir firdosi , st5 to dr alastair santhouse , consultant in psychological medicine as follows :


       psychological medicine &   integrated care cag   southwark south assessment & liaison team 20 – 22 lordship lane east dulwich        


for you from other services which can help with your ptsd and low mood .   referral and assessment   we met as part of the ‘waiting list initiative’ for zzzzz   camhs , after


initiative’ for zzzzz   camhs , after your gp made a referral .   you attended two assessment appointments with your mum at king’s college hospital on the 2nd and 16th december with me and dr


and flashbacks .     · i will also make a referral to the zzzzz   assessment and liaison service who can offer an assessment to see whether there is any further support you might


i will also make a referral to the zzzzz   assessment and liaison service who can offer an assessment to see whether there is any further support you might require , including longer term or more specialist


ackland   the nunhead surgery    58 nunhead grove   nunhead   se15 3ly assessment report    private and confidential   dear dr ackland ,   re : zzzzz


be aware you have recently been referred to our service .   your referral has been accepted for assessment , but there is currently a delay in assessment appointments becoming available ; an estimated 26 to 31


service .   your referral has been accepted for assessment , but there is currently a delay in assessment appointments becoming available ; an estimated 26 to 31 weeks depending on the type of assessment indicated .


a delay in assessment appointments becoming available ; an estimated 26 to 31 weeks depending on the type of assessment indicated . we apologise for this wait and we are doing everything we can to reduce our waiting


you therapy with us , it is likely that there will be a substantial additional waiting time after the assessment before treatment can start .   the clinician assessing you will be able to give you more


to use when accessing their website .   as soon as we are able to offer you an assessment appointment we will contact you again , asking you to telephone us to choose a convenient assessment slot


you an assessment appointment we will contact you again , asking you to telephone us to choose a convenient assessment slot .   if you have any concerns about your situation worsening before we are able to


  mood anxiety and personality clinical academic group   southwark north ( map cag ) southwark north assessment & liaison team 27 – 29 camberwell road camberwell    zzzzz   se5 0ez telephone


reduce the amount of unattended appointments .   yours sincerely   referrals coordinator   southwark north assessment & liaison team   cc qqqqq   qqqqq   social worker cc dr k. freud


is impacting on her functioning and may become detrimental to her ability to parent her 4 children . initial assessment :    zzzzz   engaged well in the initial assessment which took place at her


parent her 4 children . initial assessment :    zzzzz   engaged well in the initial assessment which took place at her home with her baby qqqqq    present . she was aware


a referral to the zzzzz   carers centre . they will be able to carry out a carers assessment and can offer you support and advice around looking after someone with mental health problems .  


worker   henni . deringh@slam.nhs.uk       psychological medicine & integrated care cag southwark assessment and liaison team felix post unit maudsley hospital denmark hill   zzzzz    se5 8az


and her right to remain in the uk has been under review since 2016 .    my assessment of her is that she does have a significant depressive illness currently .   she has had


 29.08.2019 akerman health centre 60 patmos road zzzzz   sw9 6af private & confidential   lambeth assessment and liaison team re : mr zzzzz   zzzzz    zzzzz zzzzz   


