then has been doing well .     ms zzzzz   has a diagnosis of recurrent depression with psychotic symptoms , and post - traumatic stress disorder . when well she functions highly and is


ms zzzzz   felt this was helpful but does n't feel it 's managed to help with her depression . started fluoxetine 20 mg at the start of this year , didn’t react well to it shook


11years old . she describes experiencing depressive episodes since childhood .   zzzzz   reports post natal depression in 2014 following the birth of her third child . her symptoms were managed through primary care services


child has some behavioural issues which he receives additional support from school . she has a history of postnatal depression and is currently feeling low in mood citing her mood as 3/10 today and frequently tearful , not


relation with the up - coming court appearance . her symptoms are indicative of a severe episode of major depression with psychotic feature . she is treated with fluoxetine 60 mg mane and aripiprazole 10 mg mane .


urgency and expectations of pmh service ):  	 zzzzz   has over seven - year history of depression though unknown to secondary mental qqqqq   services . she was referred by her gp to perinatal


mental qqqqq   service in sept. 2017 , while pregnant .    her current diagnosis is severe depression and she is treated with sertraline 200 mg once daily .    she presents with symptoms of very


therapeutic groups , such as keeping well post birth and any other the session’s courses such as recognising postnatal depression , managing stress and coping skills will be beneficial in sustaining her recovery journey .   


  	 risk history : self harm / suicide / domestic abuse :  	 worsening of her depression intrusive negative thoughts   poor dietary intake   no history of domestic abuse  	 professionals


of his care to primary care .   mr zzzzz   has had 2 previous episodes of depression with psychotic symptoms and has now been stable for the last 2 years .   he came


care of his daughter , but also his accommodation .   there were no overt symptoms of pervasive depression , anxiety that was disabling , there were no reports of hopelessness or suicidality .   he


to update you since our previous letter which highlighted concerns after our initial assessment about zzzzz ’s symptoms of depression , difficulties coping with numerous social stressors , and the impact these stressors are having on her role


consent to compose this letter of support . mr zzzzz   has a mental health diagnosis of severe depression without psychotic symptoms and has recently experienced a significant relapse in his mental health due to increased suicidality


  	 diagnosis ( icd10 ) 	 probable post - traumatic stress disorder with symptoms of anxiety and depression ? possible psychotic symptoms    	 dual diagnosis ( ld , substance use , pd ,


of admission : zzzzz   is a 38 year old angolan woman who has a history of recurrent depression , auditory hallucinations ( commanding and derogatory ) , pstd symptoms and chronic pain . she is also


for referring the above lady to our service .   zzzzz   is currently suffering from postnatal depression and suicidal ideation .   history of current problem   zzzzz   reported that she


  qqqqq .   past psychiatric history zzzzz   reported that she has been suffering from depression and low self - esteem for a very long time .   she reported that she has


said her aunt abused her physically and emotionally .   she reported that her cousin suffered from postnatal depression and was admitted into hospital .   current partner she is no longer with her partner .


  formulation   zzzzz   is a 22 year old lady who is currently suffering from depression and suicidal ideation following the birth of her son jeremiah four months ago .   she has


;   · shelia returns to iapt following a return referral from ourselves to explore talking therapies for depression and anger management .   · the recommendation from dr boocock is to start a gp managed


   family mental health history    shelia’s mother has a history of alcohol dependency and depression , although she is now in recovery .    no other known issues   personal


mid - january when she presented at a & e via las complaining of a viral infection and worsening depression / anxiety symptoms .   she was medically cleared and then seen by liaison psychiatry who noticed


 previous treatment and medication :    known to services since 2006 . previosuly treated for psychotic depression requiring inpatient admission and ect in 2009 , 2010 and 2011 . previously noted to have psychotic features


 objectively , today , zzzzz   presented as low in mood and described some biological symptoms of depression .    cognition : orientated to tpp   sleep : zzzzz   described feeling


zzzzz    i saw this woman at ladywell on her own .   diagnosis : psychotic depression   medication : ( as adjusted today ): risperidone 2 mg increasing 3 mg nocte , fluoxetine


