was experiencing low mood .    current    ms zzzzz   lives with her mother , her sister shantie ( 14 ) , her brother zion ( nearly 13 ) and her twin


be very destructive and also her sister and brother argue which can be very disruptive . ms zzzzz ’ mother has moved into the front living room to give her brother more space , this has helped however


together however he does occasionally see his children .   biographical background   ms zzzzz   mother is british and her father is caribbean , the family lived in the caribbean for period as a


own goals and purists . we had no concerns about her children and a good bond was observed between mother and the two boys .    plan   · hold a team around the family


about his family history but reported that he came from a happy home in nigeria where he had a mother and father . he declined to comment on siblings . his mother passed away in 2015 which appears


home in nigeria where he had a mother and father . he declined to comment on siblings . his mother passed away in 2015 which appears to have had a significant impact on his mental state . 


keeping well post birth group to feel less ‘lonely’.   summary    a 32 year old mother of 4 children her second eldest child has some behavioural issues which he receives additional support from school


: ms zzzzz   zzzzz   i would like to inform you that i have assessed your mother today and found that she was in need of assessment under section 2 of the mental health act


a diagnosis of hypertension which is currently treated with losartan 20 mg od and a family history with his mother , but not cardiovascular disease or diabetes mellitus .   he said he is allergic to one


only recently registered with them .      living situation/ social support living with family – mother . not many friends at the moment .   presenting problem :     


.   she lived with her until 2006 .     she reported she lost her mother in the war .   her father lives in germany and she speaks to him once in


, spiritual beliefs and cultural practices * * a child risk screen must be completed   lives with mother and brother , shelia describes that although there are some difficulties at home general her home life is


home life is stable and her family are supportive . shelia does describe some difficulties in conversing with her mother as she is in recovery for alcohol dependency and she has concerns that arguments will cause her to


incident where she got so angry that she threatened her brother with a knife . she explained that her mother defused the situation .   no children present in the household .   shelia described a


can cause arguments and anger for shelia .    family mental health history    shelia’s mother has a history of alcohol dependency and depression , although she is now in recovery .  


current social contact , caring responsibilities & activities of daily living .   she is living with her mother and brother , although she is trying without success to move out . she is in full time


feels that the peer support may help .   current support and resources   support from her mother support from a friends support from iapt    formulation consider the person’s key difficulties and needs


is showing signs of ptsd , shelia is having lucid dreams where she is trying to call for her mother because she feels threatened . she is also finding certain situations difficult and can become claustrophobic  


today ) . she told me that she is staying at her sister’s again after an altercation with her mother at the weekend . zzzzz   called the police and her mother was pulling her hair –


again after an altercation with her mother at the weekend . zzzzz   called the police and her mother was pulling her hair – but there may be far more to it than that .  


a lot of care of her grandmother , that things are still quite difficult in her relationship with her mother and that she is still very worried about finances . she gave me her permission to ask you


separated when she was a child , zzzzz   reports that this split was acrimonious and that her mother did not want her to have contact with her father . however , her mother also didn’t have


acrimonious and that her mother did not want her to have contact with her father . however , her mother also didn’t have contact with zzzzz   and she was raised by her grandmother until her death


reports was difficult as “they were not nice”.   zzzzz   said that she didn’t know her mother during her early childhood as she had left ghana when zzzzz   was young . asked what


young . asked what sense she made of this , zzzzz   said she was unsure why her mother had moved away but thought that she had ‘lots of stuff going on so had moved’.  


