10 being the best ) stated it was ok but not great , no time to myself time and childcare issues .   no thoughts of self - harm or suicidal ideation .   risk to


drug , alcohol or substance misuse 	 |_| 	 pnd / and / mental health 	 |x|  	 childcare / early education * 	 |_| 	 employment 	 |_| 	 speech and language 	 |_|  	


. she attended college in liverpool where she “worked very hard to learn english” before doing a course in childcare , it and social care .   she obtained nvq childcare , a diploma in health and


learn english” before doing a course in childcare , it and social care .   she obtained nvq childcare , a diploma in health and social care before she started to work as a teaching assistant .


mon , tues and sat ) .   her husband does not work and is currently providing the childcare . social circumstances they currently live in council property and her husband is in receipt of benefits .


a radiographer 3 days per week . she lives with mother and younger brother . mother helps out with childcare while zzzzz   works and baby is also in a nursery . she responded well to sertraline


difficult , you feel able to fulfil your role as a mother and are well supported in terms of childcare by zach’s father , who he stays with every weekend and sometimes during the week . you also


this way for the time being and focus on her son . he does play an active role in childcare however , and he is planning to look after their son when she starts work again , 2


to discuss the results of the assessment and need for any extra support for her to continue in the childcare role in the future .     	 feedback of diagnosis :   the above


has memory problems and has therefore tried to ignore them .   she reported that she has a childcare role when her daughter is at work . she works for zzzzz   transport at weekends and


3 and 1 .    the 3 year old attends day nursery during the week and then childcare is only for the one - year - old . the children 's father also has a caring


like to take some pressure off of her mother .   the children 's father also has a childcare role .   plan   i will discuss this assessment with the mdt and consultant 


house under the right to buy scheme , family is supportive but also often requires her to help with childcare ( e.g. her sibling 's children ) , which she finds stressful .     


