gp . we discussed this with the consultant psychiatrist that has seen you before . i spoke to your wife on 16th january and thank you for speaking to me today . we discussed how you were struggling


referral to iapt who i have copied into this letter .  	 we spoke about how helpful your wife is and if you two agree , she could have a carers assessment which could help with benefits


stated that he is much more settled in streatham and enjoys his flat . continues to worry about his wife and family and feels that he is not fulfilled his role as bread winner of the family .


for a minimum of 2 years .   feels that   he is “getting on” with his wife .    he states that the dialogue is strained but “at least we are talking” 


siblings helped to parent her .     mr zzzzz   reported no problems with his wife 's pregnancy with zzzzz . both zzzzz   and her father knew well and enjoyed telling the


in which he had planned to stand himself in   he made a last “goodbye “text to his wife who in response called the police and alerted them to his whereabouts as she knew he had gone


years had been attending private psychotherapy session for treatment qqqqq   a sexual addiction problem   his wife qqqqq   5 years and partner qqqqq   15 has always been aware qqqqq  


few weeks he noticed that he may have contacted and sti concerned that he had passed it onto his wife he admitted his concerns in turn the couple attended a private gum clinic and both zzzzz  


admitted his concerns in turn the couple attended a private gum clinic and both zzzzz   and his wife were diagnosed with chlamydia    social history :   lives with his wife and their


 and his wife were diagnosed with chlamydia    social history :   lives with his wife and their 3 children- 3 year old son and 1 year old twin daughters is self - employed


speaking qqqqq   his marriage zzzzz   states that his marriage is effectively over and that his wife has issued him with instructions to start seeking alternative accommodation henceforth   mental health history : 


clean , polite and entirely appropriate . he appears to have reflected on the incident and discussed with his wife whether cbt might be a helpful strategy to manage his tendency to ruminate . there was certainly no


no identified risk to others elicited , however there is a past history of physically abusive behaviour towards his wife , possibly in the context of alcohol abuse at that time . · stress from his social situation


does not smoke .   there is a history of a difficult marital relationship with his ex - wife in the past with domestic violence towards her .   he had three children , one son


social support in london . she would like to move to sheffield to be near her brother and his wife so that she can start to work and provide for herself and her children . the application was


to support her but her brother has told her that if she can move to sheffield he and his wife will take care of her children while she works . she is very keen for this to happen


to support her but her brother has told her that if she can move to sheffield he and his wife will take care of her children while she works . they work on shift patterns so there will


with the assessment , repeatedly saying he just wants to get better . prior to starting the assessment his wife wanted to make it very clear how much of a decline there has been as he was previously


to kings a&e by ambulance as he had been found attempting to hang himself from his balcony . his wife found him and called an ambulance . zzzzz   reported feeling low in mood , difficulty in


