zzzzz zzzzz    zzzzz   dear ms. zzzzz , i am writing to offer you an appointment to see the community practitioner on wedensday,22nd june at 10 am at purley resource centre we trust this


am at purley resource centre we trust this date is suitable for you . if for any reason this appointment is not suitable please could you contact us   on 0203 228 0398 and we would be


zzzzz      dear zzzzz    i am sorry we had to cancel your appointment with bruce at short notice because he was unwell .    bruce can offer you another


appointment with bruce at short notice because he was unwell .    bruce can offer you another appointment for :   monday 17 august at 4 pm   this appointment will be held at


bruce can offer you another appointment for :   monday 17 august at 4 pm   this appointment will be held at the munro centre , 66 snowsfields , zzzzz , se1 3ss , which is


 zzzzz       dear ms zzzzz ,      your new appointment date will now be on the 12/04/2019 at 3:30 pm .    if you can not


will now be on the 12/04/2019 at 3:30 pm .    if you can not make this appointment , please give us a call on the above number to rearrange . our offices are staffed between


   dear zzzzz ,  	    we are sorry you did not attend your appointment with our team today for your 7 – day discharge follow up . could you please contact the


follow up . could you please contact the a&t duty team on the above telephone number to arrange another appointment that is more convenient for you .    we look forward to hear from you .


psychological medicine as follows : monday 7th september 2015 @ 2.00 p.m. please telephone to confirm or change the appointment your appointment will take place at the following address :   department of psychological medicine  


as follows : monday 7th september 2015 @ 2.00 p.m. please telephone to confirm or change the appointment your appointment will take place at the following address :   department of psychological medicine   guy’s hospital


have any mobility impairments – please contact me on the above number and let me know prior to your appointment , so that a downstairs room is available for you . we do not have a lift .


you are currently taking .   we would be grateful if you could confirm your attendance at this appointment by calling on the above number . if you are unable to attend the appointment , please call


your attendance at this appointment by calling on the above number . if you are unable to attend the appointment , please call to arrange a more suitable time .    millions of pounds are lost


year in the national health service due to missed or cancelled appointments . therefore , should you cancel this appointment without giving five working days’ notice , your name will be returned to the bottom of the waiting


  a sms text reminder will be sent to your mobile number 1- 7 days prior to this appointment , unless you prefer to opt out of this service .   please inform us if you


  zzzzz zzzzz zzzzz   i was sorry qqqqq   to see you for our final appointment , thank you for your time on the phone .   as we planned and discussed ,


zzzzz   zzzzz zzzzz zzzzz    zzzzz   dear zzzzz ,   perinatal outpatient appointment   i am writing to inform you that we have arranged an appointment for you with the


,   perinatal outpatient appointment   i am writing to inform you that we have arranged an appointment for you with the perinatal mental health team .   your appointment has been scheduled for :


you that we have arranged an appointment for you with the perinatal mental health team .   your appointment has been scheduled for : date :   friday 3rd august 2018 time : 11.30am location :


:    dr amanda elkin   please report to reception there when you arrive . the appointment will last for approximately 30 minutes . please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any


administrator , on 020 7188 6001 in order to let us know if you are able to attend the appointment or to arrange another time if necessary .    yours sincerely , alanna parker  


              re :   outpatient appointment   i am writing to inform you that we have arranged a follow up appointment for you


  outpatient appointment   i am writing to inform you that we have arranged a follow up appointment for you with the perinatal psychiatry team .   your appointment has been scheduled for : 


that we have arranged a follow up appointment for you with the perinatal psychiatry team .   your appointment has been scheduled for :   date :   tuesday 5th march 2019 time : 


