, didn’t react well to it shook for about 3mths .   mental state   sleep is poor , 5 hrs broken sleep during the night described herself as ‘tired all the time’. has no problem


night described herself as ‘tired all the time’. has no problem getting to sleep .   appetite is poor , sporadically eats is trying to improve this .    concentration / focus is poor but


appetite is poor , sporadically eats is trying to improve this .    concentration / focus is poor but is improving following the iapt support    described her mood 5 out 10 ( 10


evaluation of present event and their future consequences was reduced to the most catastrophic outcomes . furthermore she described poor concentration and that a grossly reduced capacity to concentrate . there was a sense that she was scarcely


is treated with sertraline 200 mg once daily .    she presents with symptoms of very low mood , poor motivation and concentration levels and extremely poor energy levels .    she has a general lack of


daily .    she presents with symptoms of very low mood , poor motivation and concentration levels and extremely poor energy levels .    she has a general lack of interest in things and suffers from anhedonia


suffers from anhedonia .    she has been self - isolating , is socially withdrawn and also experiences poor sleep and exhausted especially in the post natal period . zzzzz   continues to struggle with soothing


self harm / suicide / domestic abuse :  	 worsening of her depression intrusive negative thoughts   poor dietary intake   no history of domestic abuse  	 professionals / agencies involved :  	


ambulance . presenting complaint :     zzzzz   had been suffering with low mood , poor sleep and appetite for a few weeks .   he had been off work for some time


  initially seen once a day by home treatment team . his sleep , mood and anxiety remained poor . stated he feels better when talks to health professionals / social workers but despondent and fearful when


thoughts to self - harm , tearfulness , ruminating about her current situation , becoming increasingly socially withdrawn , poor concentration and poor sleep .   zzzzz   has been open when talking about her recent


- harm , tearfulness , ruminating about her current situation , becoming increasingly socially withdrawn , poor concentration and poor sleep .   zzzzz   has been open when talking about her recent episodes of low


undergone extensive surgery on his tendons . as a result , mr zzzzz   experiences significant pain has poor range of movement and is unable to mobilise independently . mr zzzzz   is due to have


and he is a protective factor .   sleep :   she said her sleep has been poor with nightmares .   appetite :   she said she is comfort eating and has put


talking therapies southwark . there were concerns that zzzzz   was low in mood ( not sleeping , poor appetite and struggling to get out of the house ) and was struggling with a high level of


is looking forward to having her qqqqq .   sleep :   she reports that this is poor but states that this is often due to her worrying about her social situation and now she is


 said that due to these circumstances , her academic work began to suffer and that her attendance was poor . as such she went to a teacher at school to let them know what was happening who


felt that she could continue without getting some help .   described being frequently tearful .   poor memory , very forgetful of things which she needs to do .   described very negative thoughts


‘easier’ wants to stay at home during afternoons .    appetite : zzzzz   described a poor appetite , saying that she doesn’t eat well . reports ‘picking’ at meals , however did say that


reported earlier ) and experienced thoughts of self - harm .    risk factors : young woman poor social network , strained relationship with family , lack of friends untreated low mood , fleeting suicidal thoughts


 “what’s the point”. objectively her mood was euthymic .her appetite is affected , she has low energy and poor concentration . she described feeling helpless and hopeless at times and expressed her concerns about long - term


in summary , ms zzzzz   presents with symptoms ( low mood , tearfulness , depressive cognitions , poor sleep and appetite ) consistent with the diagnosis of mild depressive episode precipitated by her childhood adversities and


to take pride in appearance . she was calm with no psychomotor agitation . she was not aggressive . poor eye contact . good rapport was established but at times was vague with her responses . speech :


and nothing is working’. she reported that she has ongoing chronic back and leg pain . she has had poor sleep and poor appetite but there is no evidence of hopelessness . she denied any suicidal ideation or


working’. she reported that she has ongoing chronic back and leg pain . she has had poor sleep and poor appetite but there is no evidence of hopelessness . she denied any suicidal ideation or thoughts of self


