discussed on the phone , as you are now 18 years old we will need to discharge you from child and adolescent services ( both here at king’s and zzzzz   camhs ) but can make referrals


mother is british and her father is caribbean , the family lived in the caribbean for period as a child but returned to uk and moved around the housing system until they found accommodation . zzzzz  


old daughter . she described feeling anxious that the same thing would happen after the birth of her 4th child qqqqq . she reports ongoing life stressors regarding her immigration , housing and financial situation .  


parents separated in 2014 but have since continued to co - parent and gone on to have a 4th child . zzzzz   states that dadua lives separately to the family and works long hours . he


childhood .   zzzzz   reports post natal depression in 2014 following the birth of her third child . her symptoms were managed through primary care services and she has remained engaged with talking therapies support


less ‘lonely’.   summary    a 32 year old mother of 4 children her second eldest child has some behavioural issues which he receives additional support from school . she has a history of postnatal


he has a baby on the way and he wants to be better so that he can see his child .      previous treatment :   none     risk 


something bad happening to her .   she currently denied any thoughts of harm towards herself or her child .   she is currently breast and bottle feeding him .   he is having his


.   biographical information include family and personal history , spiritual beliefs and cultural practices * * a child risk screen must be completed   lives with mother and brother , shelia describes that although there


other known issues   personal mental health history    shelia has suffered from agoraphobia as a child after becoming anxious about leaving the house due to bullying . she was supported by camhs and described


.   formulation ms. zzzzz   is a 38 year old lady who is expecting her fifth child .   she has a history of low mood and anxiety but this appears in the context


.   during this appointment she described the emotional impact of grieving for the loss of her unborn child on her life . she described being preoccupied with her 1 year old son health , her eczema


on a caf if in the future ms zzzzz -zzzzz   meets our service criteria and her youngest child is aged under 5 years . if you have any questions regarding the above information please do not


self 	 choose an item . 	 choose an item . 				   safeguarding , vulnerable adult or child protection concerns :   suicidal ideation , no immediate plan/ intent    	 yes 	


children in total with zzzzz   being the second youngest . her parents separated when she was a child , zzzzz   reports that this split was acrimonious and that her mother did not want her


stated that reflecting upon her mental health she had felt low in mood since the birth of her first child . zzzzz   said that she thought that she had experiencing pnd but the culture of her


or communication needs ( parent ) .     	 details of children  	 	 first child 	 second child 	 third child 	 fourth child  	 name 	 qqqqq  	 qqqqq 


( parent ) .     	 details of children  	 	 first child 	 second child 	 third child 	 fourth child  	 name 	 qqqqq  	 qqqqq  	 qqqqq 


.     	 details of children  	 	 first child 	 second child 	 third child 	 fourth child  	 name 	 qqqqq  	 qqqqq  	 qqqqq  	  	


  	 details of children  	 	 first child 	 second child 	 third child 	 fourth child  	 name 	 qqqqq  	 qqqqq  	 qqqqq  	  	 date of birth


and tick all that apply )  	 carer with a disability or additional need  	 |_| 	 child with a disability or additional need 	 |_| 	 money / finance 	 |_|  	 child’s behaviour


 	 child’s behaviour 	 |x| 	 domestic violence 	 |_| 	 parenting / bonding 	 |x|  	 child development  	 |_| 	 drug , alcohol or substance misuse 	 |_| 	 pnd / and /


	 child’s health  	 	 other ( please state ) 	 |x| 	 general parenting of a young child     * if the family needs funding for an early learning place for a two


quite depressed and finds it difficult to cope with being the mother of three children ( including her youngest child , qqqqq , who is aged 4 ) .   she has some difficulties managing the behaviour


shared .    if there are any concerns about the safety and / or wellbeing of a child / young person / family , local safeguarding procedures will be followed .    confirmation of


