our therapeutic parent and toddler group in qqqqq   since march as her daughter qqqqq   had speech and language therapy on the same day .   we were expecting zzzzz   and the


 we were expecting zzzzz   and the children to return to the group in april when the speech and language therapy sessions had finished , although she has not returned and we have not been successful


  mental state he seemed stable .   he presented well and animated .   his speech was thoughtful and eloquent .   his mood seemed euthymic with some anxiety , but understandable ,


state   zzzzz   was casually dressed in leggings and a top .     speech :   her speech was normal in rate , volume and tone .   mood :


 was casually dressed in leggings and a top .     speech :   her speech was normal in rate , volume and tone .   mood :   zzzzz  


friends that she associates with .   mental state examination   include : appearance & behaviour , speech , mood & affect , thought , perception , cognition , insight and personality issues/ interpersonal difficulties 


she was very bright and cheerful and chatted with ease .   there were no problems with her speech , understanding or concentration .   she currently has mental capacity to make and weigh up her


appeared very tired .   good eye contact maintained throughout . rapport was established .    speech : normal in rate , rhythm and tone .   mood : subjectively , zzzzz  


/ mental health 	 |x|  	 childcare / early education * 	 |_| 	 employment 	 |_| 	 speech and language 	 |_|  	 child’s health  	 	 other ( please state ) 	 |x|


caribbean lady . friendly , good eye contact . rapport established . mood “fine” ob . reactive euthymic . speech normal rate rhythm . thoughts- no formal thought disorder . perceptions- no responding noted . denied hearing any


aggressive . poor eye contact . good rapport was established but at times was vague with her responses . speech : articulate , spontaneous and coherent . soft spoken . spoke with an american accent . mood :


. ms zzzzz   to continue engagement with her gp and for her physical health to physiotherapy and speech therapy .   i saw ms zzzzz   zzzzz   in my outpatient clinic in


leg are weaker and she is having physiotherapy next month scheduled .    also , she is having speech therapy and one session was yesterday .      she said she would like to have


a good rapport was established .    during the interview , she was tearful .    her speech was normal in rate , rhythm and tone .    her mood was subjectively low and objectively


september .    we were expecting you to return to the group in april after qqqqq ’s speech and language therapy had finished , as the appointments had been on the same day as the group


appeared stable in mental state and her behaviour was appropriate when i saw her .     speech :   normal in rate , volume and tone .   mood :   her


currently taking medication mental state   appearance – she was casually dressed but appeared tired . behaviour and speech - a reasonable rapport was established , her speech was normal in rate tone and volume although at


she was casually dressed but appeared tired . behaviour and speech - a reasonable rapport was established , her speech was normal in rate tone and volume although at times she spoke quietly and slowly and would avert


 she looked euthymic objectively and subjectively .   she had no flight of ideas or pressure of speech .   she did not respond to any external stimuli during the consultation and there was no


 shuffling over to be close to her and they seemed to have a verbal exchange . qqqqq ’s speech and language continues to develop gradually . in the playground she sang a song that was started by


appropriately . fidgeted throughout the consultation . eye contact intermittent . seemed distant and unwilling to engage initially . speech : speech a little slow but overall articulate .   mood : appeared low in mood .


fidgeted throughout the consultation . eye contact intermittent . seemed distant and unwilling to engage initially . speech : speech a little slow but overall articulate .   mood : appeared low in mood . reported mood


both feet at 18 months .   zzzzz   was reaching appropriate milestones in relation to her speech until she went to primary school when there were concerns because she was not using as much speech


her speech until she went to primary school when there were concerns because she was not using as much speech as would be expected .    zzzzz ’s mother reported that in some ways zzzzz 


as other kids of her age .   there is limited variation in the tone of zzzzz ’s speech .   at times , zzzzz   can reportedly talk in a very formal manner .


