reference and number is 02086492192 / 2184 .     	 signed : 	 alana goddard occupational therapist lambeth home treatment team , 1st floor , orchard house , lambeth hospital ,    108 landor


living well hub .   yours sincerely ,    brogan o’dowd   care coordinator/ occupational therapist   lambeth   assessment and liaison team   # 020 3228 8100 anger management  	 everyman


    myriam sarens     senior clinical psychologist      horticultural therapist   & trauma specialist          parental mental health team


in greenwich .   yours sincerely sophie koehne   advanced mental health practitioner / occupational   therapist   khp pathway homeless team   cc : zzzzz   zzzzz    


list for 24 sessions of cognitive analytic therapy . therapy would begin when a vacancy becomes available . the therapist will contact you to arrange a first meeting , and at the end of that therapy there will


first meeting , and at the end of that therapy there will be an opportunity to review with your therapist whether you will need any further help . your date of entry onto the waiting list will be


in address .     with best wishes   dr kim sutherby consultant psychiatrist and cat therapist   cc 	 riverside medical centre , hobart house , st george wharf , zzzzz  


you at roots and shoots .    yours sincerely ,   myriam sarens   horticultural therapist   chaucer letterhead    parental   mental heath in children’s centres chaucer resource centre


therapy and the outcome .    yours sincerely ,   john harding   cognitive analytic therapist    on behalf of the cipts screening panel   cc : dr surya gupta -


contact with you by 16/1/15 .     yours sincerely ,    lee roach occupational therapist zzzzz   reablement service     cc :   	 dr g clementson 


, a&e or other services such as samaritans . you can also of course discuss any concerns with your therapist .    perinatal psychiatry   department of psychological medicine 1st floor   cheyne wing


of maintaining good mental health . finally , we spoke about increasing your independence and meeting with an occupational therapist to think about developing these skills .   as you are now 18 , temi will be


, a&e or other services such as samaritans . you can also of course discuss any concerns with your therapist . encl . questionnaire     core - om    wsas form  


, a&e or other services such as samaritans . you can also of course discuss any concerns with your therapist . south zzzzz   and maudsley nhs          


, a&e or other services such as samaritans . you can also of course discuss any concerns with your therapist .        mood anxiety and personality clinical academic group ( map west


to southwark .    yours sincerely ,    sarah maris - shaw   occupational therapist   07816 324396 ( wednesday and thursday )   cc   · zzzzz  


more information , please do phone or write to me .   yours sincerely ,   occupational therapist   croydon reablement service    cc :    gp   ? 


,   i would now like to invite you to an initial meeting with katie letchfield , occupational therapist on monday 29 october   2018 at 11.00am at bernard weatherill house , 8 mint walk ,


i look forward to meeting you .    yours sincerely ,      occupational therapist croydon reablement service      cc .   gp   referrer by email


adding to your difficulties were your assault by your bother - in - law , and feelings that your therapist at your gp surgery in the 1990s gained enjoyment or pleasure from asking you to talk about your


, a&e or other services such as samaritans . you can also of course discuss any concerns with your therapist . promoting recovery team – thornton heath & woodside    tamworth road resource centre 37 tamworth


, zzzzz   i saw zzzzz   at a home visit , together with georgia , occupational therapist , on thursday 27 july . i was welcomed by both georgia and zzzzz   who had


   referred by ( name & team ):   doreen hoerold ( 07791231311 ) high intensity therapist       lambeth talking therapies ( iapt ) 1a dalbury house , edmundsbury estate


counselling       effect / outcome : did not find helpful at the time , therapist was male and zzzzz   was not comfortable enough to disclose relevant trauma - related details 


   tamworth road resource centre report to reception and they will let me know you have arrived therapist :    kimberlee bass , cat therapist please could you ring now to confirm your attendance


