of alcohol abuse risk to others remains unpredictable .   the attached medical discharge summary includes diagnosis and medication .   discharge plan :    -discharged from htt back to primary care . -7


of psychological therapy to help with understanding and managing the ptsd symptoms , and dr goodarzian prescribed you some medication .   formulation   i was sorry to hear about your very difficult experiences early in


to help you with things like getting to appointments .   · if you would like to reconsider medication options then you can visit your gp ( family doctor ) and discuss this with them . 


up and support .   diagnosis : f32.3 - severe depressive episode with psychotic symptoms    medication :   2 mg respiridone & 100 mg sertraline .    please do not hesitate


.    · ms zzzzz   is to make an appointment with her gp to review medication as she is not noticing any positive effects from fluoxetine .   · liaise with abigail richards


	 22/05/2019   	 discharge date : 	 24/07/19  	 diagnosis : 	 paranoid psychosis  	 medication on discharge : 	 olanzapine 15 mg   pregabalin fluoxetine 20 mg  	 reason for referral


on what we can expect police to offer .    	 trigger factors  	 - stopping medication .   -declining to engage- awol and missing person .   - lacking insight . -using


care services and she has remained engaged with talking therapies support and gp reviews consistently .   prescribed medication   states she stopped taking prescribed citalopram 20 mg when she realised she was 19 weeks pregnant


worker to provide volunteer to support engagement at children 's centres 5 . encourage zzzzz   to discuss medication review at gp next week   if you have any further questions regarding the above information please


 zzzzz , dob : zzzzz , zzzzz zzzzz   zzzzz   diagnosis : moderate depressive episode medication : 45 mg mirtazapine nocte 100 mg quetiapine nocte   this report is prepared by christine gray


of 29.08.2019 .   diagnosis : f32.3 - severe depressive episode with psychotic symptoms in remission currently current medication :   quetiapine 150 mg nocte . ( given fp10 ) sertraline 100 mg od clinical history


recent clinical impression from dr tony jesudas     alex is currently doing well with the current medication despite his stress of the house sale . he is currently engaging in bereavement counselling and would benefit


house sale . he is currently engaging in bereavement counselling and would benefit more with anger management . current medication dose is therapeutic and he is motivated to continue that in the long term .   


http://www.slam.nhs.uk"?www.slam.nhs.uk ?    duty phone ( gp only ) 07772895854       pharmacy medication advice line – 020 32282317       ? hyperlink " mailto:slm-tr.lambethalduty@nhs.net " ? slm-tr.lambethalduty@nhs.net


risk to others : no history of aggressive behaviour reported . the attached medical discharge summary includes diagnosis and medication . discharge plan :   1 . discharged to cmht   2 . cmht to arrange


to cmht   2 . cmht to arrange 7 day follow up   3 . 2 weeks medication given on discharge   4 . recommend that need for zopiclone be reviewed prior to further prescription


with psychotic symptoms and has now been stable for the last 2 years .   he came off medication 18 months ago and with that , and in addition a change in accommodation and his new job


had to be treated with strong corticosteroids and anti - histamines .   he is not on any medication apart from the above .   he has agreed to have a baseline physical health check .


client for risk assessment and management .   the client reported he is not currently taking any psychotropic medication and has minimal contact with his gp , having only recently registered with them .   


taking the antidepressant mirtazapine again as prescribed by your gp . we would advice you to continue taking the medication as this is likely to help improve your mood further .   we would be happy to


have been engaging in activities to remain active .   as discussed , please continue to take your medication as prescribed .   though , you are not currently experiencing active suicidal thoughts , please see


something done ... when something is due . "   -drugs and alcohol -denies current use   medication -zzzzz   is prescribed sertraline but says she takes it intermittently -"sometimes i 'm not taking medication


 medication -zzzzz   is prescribed sertraline but says she takes it intermittently -"sometimes i 'm not taking medication ... too much side effects . drowsy . makes you want to eat . " -at the time


zzzzz   did not receive a formal diagnosis during the current episode of care .    medication : with the exception of a short - term prescription for zopiclone , mrs zzzzz ’s medication was


  medication : with the exception of a short - term prescription for zopiclone , mrs zzzzz ’s medication was not changed or reviewed during this episode of care .    discharge recommendations : 


