 engaged with htt for a brief period . reported improved mood . given information for local services for alcohol and drugs as well as primary care psychological services which she says she will self - refer .


she however denied any intent or plans to further harm herself during htt interventions . reported a history of alcohol abuse .   risk to others : due to history of alcohol abuse risk to others remains


interventions . reported a history of alcohol abuse .   risk to others : due to history of alcohol abuse risk to others remains unpredictable .   the attached medical discharge summary includes diagnosis and medication


or display – no current risk to others historic : no history of risk to others . drug and alcohol use no current drug or alcohol use   expectations from service user   zzzzz  


to others historic : no history of risk to others . drug and alcohol use no current drug or alcohol use   expectations from service user   zzzzz   would like support to attend the


treatment if there was a need to do so .   he has never smoked , never drank alcohol or taken illicit drugs .    his risk was assessed as low to self , others


:   none but he has a baby on the way – due october   drugs and alcohol :   alcohol – stopped for a month . he did a course on personal training ,


but he has a baby on the way – due october   drugs and alcohol :   alcohol – stopped for a month . he did a course on personal training , and couldn’t drink for


happen when i need to get something done ... when something is due . "   -drugs and alcohol -denies current use   medication -zzzzz   is prescribed sertraline but says she takes it intermittently


) , pstd symptoms and chronic pain . she is also hiv positive . there’s also noted history of alcohol misuse . she was referred to htt due to deterioration in her mental state triggered by her father’s


    substance misuse she denied any illicit drug use but she claimed that she occasionally drinks alcohol socially .   domestic violence she claimed that she was abused by her aunt who she was


are supportive . shelia does describe some difficulties in conversing with her mother as she is in recovery for alcohol dependency and she has concerns that arguments will cause her to relapse .    shelia did


for shelia .    family mental health history    shelia’s mother has a history of alcohol dependency and depression , although she is now in recovery .    no other known issues


no known physical health problems and shelia states that she has no issues currently .   drug and alcohol history    shelia admits to drinking , but claims it is a rarity and will only


is a rarity and will only be for friend’s parties . she doesn’t feel there is any association between alcohol consumption and her anger   current social circumstances include : accommodation , employment , financial circumstances ,


was intending to end her life but has always sought help when in distress .   drug & alcohol history nil to note .   mental state examination ms. zzzzz   was delighted to see


are grateful that you settled in your new accommodation in wandsworth and you stated you are no longer misusing alcohol and prescribed drug . dr michalis kyratsous consultant psychiatrist still believes that you need to engage with the


prescribed drug . dr michalis kyratsous consultant psychiatrist still believes that you need to engage with the drug and alcohol service for further harm - minimisation plan ( to reduce harm to self and others in relation to


o / e - blood pressure reading 128/87 mmhg     p-78sr   09 - apr-2018 alcohol consumption 0 u / week    20 - mar-2018 urine microalbumin profile - ( but )


cholesterol   glucose   thyroid   hb . a1c – diabetic control     alcohol consumption none   alcohol advice   smoking history none smoker   smoking cessation advice given


 thyroid   hb . a1c – diabetic control     alcohol consumption none   alcohol advice   smoking history none smoker   smoking cessation advice given     drug


will prepare food for the children but will not be bothered about herself .    drugs / alcohol : denied any drug use . zzzzz   said that she regularly drinks alcohol .  


  drugs / alcohol : denied any drug use . zzzzz   said that she regularly drinks alcohol .   sometimes drinks during the day and can drink small amounts constantly from am to pm


and can drink small amounts constantly from am to pm .   i enquired about typical amounts of alcohol consumed . zzzzz   said that she drinks rum with a mixer and also wine . can


 zzzzz   said that there are times when she does not drink and would not consider her alcohol intake problematic . stated that it makes her feel more relaxed and would consider this to be helpful


