in crisis saying he was no longer able to cope and that he had called his fourteen year old son to say that he was going to kill himself . he was subsequently conveyed to st thomas’ hospital


has fleeting suicidal thoughts . he expressed no intent or plans to act on them . he cites his son as a protective factor current risk :    risk to self : currently , no thoughts


has not had any re - emergence of symptoms .   he feels connected with his daughter and son and feels content overall that he can manage and seek support if necessary . he also talked about


via citizen 's advice bureau .   he reported his next - of - kin to be his son .   though currently in germany he comes often to zzzzz   and he has a


by hanging in 2004 . she was admitted under section 2 mha at this time . -in 2008 her son was adopted and contact with zzzzz   ceased which was also a time of significant distress for


manageable due to olanzapine . mood fluctuates according to her physical health and ongoing social stressors ( housing , son in prison , brother recently involved in car accident … )   yours sincerely tony kavanagh rmn


something bad will happen to her .   she denied she would carry this out and that her son is a protective factor .   she is unhappy with her accommodation and is on the housing


bad over the last few months and has been having suicidal thought .   her thoughts towards her son are good and he is a protective factor .   sleep :   she said her


a 22 year old lady who is currently suffering from depression and suicidal ideation following the birth of her son jeremiah four months ago .   she has had thoughts of walking in front of a car


the loss of her unborn child on her life . she described being preoccupied with her 1 year old son health , her eczema , and his dietary difficulties , and was struggling to separate from him ,


agreeable to attending the group to reduce her and son’s social isolation and to support with separation from her son .   ms zzzzz   zzzzz   attended the first session of the group but


would scratch himself “until he bleed” if she was not with him . she was taken to observe her son in the crèche to reassure her , he was sat quietly on a crèche workers lap with no


additional needs 	 none 	 none 	 	  	 relationship to   main carer 	 daughter 	 son 	 son 	  	 relationship to other   carer ( if applicable )  	 	


	 none 	 none 	 	  	 relationship to   main carer 	 daughter 	 son 	 son 	  	 relationship to other   carer ( if applicable )  	 	 	 	


, who is aged 4 ) .   she has some difficulties managing the behaviour of her elder son and i think that a lot of responsibility falls on her daughter .   zzzzz  


when she came to zzzzz   from birmingham , fleeing an abusive relationship with her 10 year old son . she feels lonely and emotionally unsupported in zzzzz   where she has very limited social contacts


and wellbeing from january 2016 . she lived with her former partner ( father of her 1 month old son ) for 2 years in birmingham before fleeing domestic violence with her 10 year old son when pregnant


1 month old son ) for 2 years in birmingham before fleeing domestic violence with her 10 year old son when pregnant . she reported him to police in brixton who are investigating the case . she is


, having previously been involved in a few abusive relationships . she currently lives with her 10 year old son and new - born baby in a single room with shared bathroom in a hostel after living in


psychosis , i would also advise for extra support to be given with breastfeeding as she struggled with her son .    should you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me


shaun last plans to interview ms zzzzz   on monday 17/9/18 regarding safeguarding concerns . ms zzzzz ’ son is supervised when visiting the ward .   evelyn johnson lambeth approved mental health professional  


emotional and unstable . there have been some thoughts of self harm - thoughts of killing herself should her son not live . she states that she then reasons with herself and rationalises her feelings . she would


in the household :  	 name 	 relationship 	 d.o.b./edd  	 qqqqq   qqqqq  	 son 	 qqqqq   	 	 	  	 	 	  	 	 	  	 	


 is currently under the care of the parental mental health team . she has a 4 year old son who is currently residing with ms zzzzz ’s mother .   ms zzzzz   was referred


assessment from the parental mental health team .   ms zzzzz   has regular contact with her son which is essential for the ongoing assessment therefore it is required that she is able to provide a


