. past history of self - harming – slashed wrist . risk to others : no history of aggressive behaviour reported . the attached medical discharge summary includes diagnosis and medication . discharge plan :   1


zzzzz   has been open when talking about her recent episodes of low mood and self - harming behaviour . she has responded well to advice and support to qqqqq   her develop more healthy coping


was agreed that zzzzz   may be suitable for therapy if there was a change in her dissociative behaviour when engaging with professionals and also if zzzzz   was prepared to engage .   zzzzz


very aware of her behaviours and this causes feelings of guilt and shame that result in self - harming behaviour and suicide ideation , although with the latter shelia has described how she goes for walks and listens


with the friends that she associates with .   mental state examination   include : appearance & behaviour , speech , mood & affect , thought , perception , cognition , insight and personality issues/ interpersonal


unprotected sex saying that she now felt ‘stupid’ for doing this .    mse : appearance and behaviour : appropriately dressed young woman of average build . nil aggression or hostility . appeared very tired .


	 child with a disability or additional need 	 |_| 	 money / finance 	 |_|  	 child’s behaviour 	 |x| 	 domestic violence 	 |_| 	 parenting / bonding 	 |x|  	 child development 


youngest child , qqqqq , who is aged 4 ) .   she has some difficulties managing the behaviour of her elder son and i think that a lot of responsibility falls on her daughter . 


  forensic history : reported no forensic history .    mental state examination : appearance and behaviour : 23 y / o black african lady with long , weaved hair , she was smartly dressed


situation .   she also presented as relaxed , confident and did not exhibit any odd or bizarre behaviour .   she was well presented , able to care for herself and supports her older daughter


her aunt failed to apply for her right to stay in the uk as a punishment for her bad behaviour , and she said she did not know how to go about things and she was emotionally depressed


she said she was still grieving for her aunt .     current mental state appearance & behaviour :   she appeared stable in mental state and her behaviour was appropriate when i saw her


  current mental state appearance & behaviour :   she appeared stable in mental state and her behaviour was appropriate when i saw her .     speech :   normal in rate


 not currently taking medication mental state   appearance – she was casually dressed but appeared tired . behaviour and speech - a reasonable rapport was established , her speech was normal in rate tone and volume


home luckily sustaining no injury apart from aches and pains .   currently- denies any self - harming behaviour , or any plans or thoughts .   she reports for many years when she goes to


the session playing away and independently of her mother . she has continued to seem more settled in her behaviour since december .   her emotions continue to be more regulated and she has been able to


zzzzz   continues to take on a more active role . she continues to respond to qqqqq ’s behaviour when she becomes frustrated qqqqq   upset . zzzzz   has needed much less support from


  to move and play . she is taking more of a lead role when managing qqqqq ’s behaviour in the group . qqqqq   has continued to show some improvement in her ability to regulate


  time nurse 's nurse 's nurse 's rationale for comments on name grade signature enhanced patient 's behaviour   observation   south zzzzz   and maudsley nhs foundation trust   enhanced observation


's   grade nurse 's signature rationale for   enhanced observation comments on   patient 's behaviour and mental state .   lue © cap   zzzzz s   s - h


bonded well . not breastfeeding . on contraception .   mental state examination :   appearance and behaviour : 27 year old mother , well kempt and dressed appropriately . fidgeted throughout the consultation . eye


specialist education 	      	       	 anti - social behaviour unit  	      	       	 police 


for referral : assessment and second opinion regarding ongoing management of zzzzz ’s presentation ( including anxiety and aggressive behaviour ) , particularly in relation to pharmacological intervention .  	 risk factors :  	 zzzzz 


   zzzzz   has reported suicidal thoughts and she has also engaged in self - injurious behaviour including thumping her head with her fists .   she has also presented with aggression towards others


. to help manage zzzzz ’s anxiety symptoms    2 . to help manage zzzzz ’s aggressive behaviour     3 . concern regarding zzzzz ’s weight gain on the medication , risperidone .


