well in spite of this ; you go to college and have dreams for the future , you have friends and you are offering a lot of support to your mum around the house and in caring for


support   zzzzz   describes having little support except for through her childrens school where she has friends who are fellow parents . she describes the headteacher at school as very supportive and also her psychologist


she is engaged with them . her partner is not emotional supportive . she seemed socially isolated with limited friends or contact with people in the community . her faith is important to her and she prays regularly


them .      living situation/ social support living with family – mother . not many friends at the moment .   presenting problem :       suicidal impulses and


with others , he’s has been arrested but never charged . this happens with strangers , family members and friends .   risk plan - crisis numbers and able to call them . he rarely sees his


physical and emotional abuse .   forensic history she said that when she was 14 she went with friends to primark and they stole clothes and the police were called and she was arrested and this will


to struggle with her anger and she is finding that she is becoming more aggressive and threatening to her friends . shelia is very aware of her behaviours and this causes feelings of guilt and shame that result


she is in full time employment working in an auto centre for her aunty .   she has friends although the working commitment does make it difficult for her to see them often . she is happy


the working commitment does make it difficult for her to see them often . she is happy with the friends that she associates with .   mental state examination   include : appearance & behaviour ,


these are minor lacerations .    shelia also described that she often gets into fights with her friends due to her anger , although nothing more becomes of these events currently .   shelia also


becomes of these events currently .   shelia also described that she often gets into fights with her friends due to her anger , although nothing more becomes of these events currently .    risk


support may help .   current support and resources   support from her mother support from a friends support from iapt    formulation consider the person’s key difficulties and needs , what is making


anyone or trust anyone to support her . stated that she lost contact with her older siblings and her friends .    zzzzz   said that she started to have more regular contact with her


   risk factors : young woman poor social network , strained relationship with family , lack of friends untreated low mood , fleeting suicidal thoughts alcohol intake   protective factors : has children  


she has made a decision to keep herself to herself .   the exception to this is two friends she has known for a long time and her cousin whom she would consider close . recently met


also helping her in looking for an alternative accommodation option .   zzzzz   has a few friends from her mosque and attends mosque once a month .   risk assessment   zzzzz 


how she now feels able to look after herself and that she goes out in the evening to meet friends in pub but reassured me that she does not drink alcohol as she is diabetic .  


or attend solace and another organisation for women in southwark .   she reported that she has many friends and sees them every evening .   i am however including some information about these services which


so he’s qqqqq   there all the time . also she reports to qqqqq   having many friends in the area . she also has concerns about money because she is qqqqq   receiving maternity


selling drugs . he has some interaction with the other residents but prefers to socialise with his cousin and friends . he understandably finds social contact beneficial to his mental health and plans to continue engaging with his


when she was growing up .   she was very stubborn and she was greatly influenced negatively by friends .   she said she was a child that no parent would wish to have . 


married in 2013 .   she described her husband as a quiet person who does not have many friends and she struggles to understand him so finds it difficult to predict how he will react to things


uk and stated that she is socially isolated .   she reported that she used to have some friends but that her husband ‘scared them away’ as he never made them feel welcome .   she


there and back .   she stated that he is bright and doing well at school and has friends there .   she expressed feeling proud of her oldest son as he is very responsible and


her behalf .  	 shopping 	 	 	 × 	 client reports that she uses online shopping / friends shop for her .  	 other 	 	 	 	  	 what would like us to


