her children without recourse to public funds or employment .    relationships zzzzz   met her partner in the uk , dadua is also nigerian . dadua works as a cleaner .   the


she described good attachments with her children acknowledged her mood improves when she is engaged with them . her partner is not emotional supportive . she seemed socially isolated with limited friends or contact with people in the


he can apply to housing .   he thought it would be difficult to approach his ex - partner , but instead he would be willing to find out from the housing association via citizen 's advice


such as distractions , going out of the flat with the children to the park , talking to her partner and contacting pmht if she feels stressed and unable to cope . i have also given her a


 data 	  27 january 2016    grant of leave to rem4j1   ten year partner rotjti    l)car sirs ,   re : ms atninab namuletne uganda zzzzz  


23 october 2015 you submitted an application ( or limited lace to remain under the   ten year partner route . i 2121 writing to inform you that you have been granted a period of  


not to make any travel arrangements until you have received your   brp .    icd.4546 partner 10 yr 	  10'3      you may establish a business or take employment


a future application can be found on our wcbsicc at   www.gov.uk/ukvisas.immiontion .     ico4546 partner 10 yr  	  2 of 3      11 your relationship breaks down


 race   1 passport   3 131xth certificates   supporting document    icd.4546 partner 10 yr  	  30(3     trust headquarters , 9th floor   


 she reported that her cousin suffered from postnatal depression and was admitted into hospital .   current partner she is no longer with her partner .     formulation   zzzzz  


from postnatal depression and was admitted into hospital .   current partner she is no longer with her partner .     formulation   zzzzz   is a 22 year old lady who


to be pregnant .   she said although the pregnancy was unplanned , she was pleased and her partner was pleased that she was having a qqqqq .   family history ms. zzzzz   reported


contact with her two older children in ghana . at present she is living in one room with her partner , mr. qqqqq   qqqqq .   she informed me that he also has fake id


no recourse to public funds team unless she becomes street homeless , so therefore she is reliant on her partner and his income .   children ms. zzzzz   has two older children in ghana whom


presented to a & e , this is usually in the context of stressful social situations such as her partner or environmental issues such as housing / finance .   when seen and assessed she has always


his dietary difficulties , and was struggling to separate from him , she also described both her and her partner finding it difficult to tolerate their son’s crying when trying to reduce breast feeding . she also described


     lastly , she disclosed in november that she was pregnant , with her current partner who lives in   manchester . although the pregnancy was unplanned , they were both happy about


said that whilst she was pregnant with qqqqq   the level of abuse increased and said that her partner treated her ‘very badly’. she remembered being in labour with qqqqq   and was very unwell –


qqqqq   and was very unwell – her cousin was the only person who supported her as her partner left during this time to ‘do other things’.   zzzzz   said that she had thought


disappointed by him as three weeks ago found out that he was still in a relationship and that his partner was pregnant . feels very sad and low about this as feels that she had ‘let him in’


wolverhampton university to study a degree in health and wellbeing from january 2016 . she lived with her former partner ( father of her 1 month old son ) for 2 years in birmingham before fleeing domestic violence


she reported that her daughter has challenging and behavioural issues .   she spoke about her ex - partner and that she had to leave him because of qqqqq   and the involvement of social services


 ms zzzzz   did not seem concerned about the domestic violence she suffered from her ex - partner and stated that she feels sad that she had to leave him .   ms zzzzz 


he looks clean and well presented , she is keeping all her health appointments and has support from her partner and mother . her home is clean and tidy .    however her partner does qqqqq


support from her partner and mother . her home is clean and tidy .    however her partner does qqqqq   live with her ( lives in lambeth ) so he’s qqqqq   there


