cc :   penny freeman ?            	 job number / date / time : 	 pe51388614   /   06 may 2016  


time : 11:15  	 signature : 	  	 name ( in capital letters ): 	  	 job title : 	    we endeavour to monitor the quality of our service and appreciate your


off medication 18 months ago and with that , and in addition a change in accommodation and his new job more paced at his capability , he is more able to cope and he has not had any


january a lot of things kept happening , arguing with people , thiings going wrong , he quit his job , this may have led to an increase in anger .his reason for referring to tts was that


to move house but lambeth council are not accepting that she needs support due to having a full time job .   biographical information include family and personal history , spiritual beliefs and cultural practices * *


country in 2005 .   she did work , however she was reported anonymously and sacked from her job and therefore is not entitled to any benefits and as she is not street homeless she is not


where she has very limited social contacts . she added that she has been unemployed since she left her job as a healthcare assistant in september and this makes her feel socially isolated . she feels helpless and


refuge for 4 months . she has not been working since she came to zzzzz , having left her job as a health care assistant working with bupa .    on formal assessment of her mental


she is there . employed at ernest and young as a risk consultant for the past year , her job contract may be terminated on friday due to the failure to past her repeat exams .  


as a labourer , in home- base and more recently in macdonald’s . he was fired from his last job for allegedly giving food free to friends .    zzzzz   lives with his mother


a&e in september this year with low mood reactive to multiple psycho - social stressors : he lost his job a year ago ; his biological father was recently diagnosed with cancer ; he discovered his girl- friend


      cat shepherd           	 job title : 	 midwife  	 address post code : 	  gstt – clapham family practice 	


.    zzzzz   currently works in a betting shop , but is looking for a job using her degree to help others .   substance misuse history : smokes 1 cigarette a day


despite this , she remains in debt and money is a concern for her . she would like a job that she enjoys and pays well enough for her not to worry about bills .   occupation


more support compared to peers of her age , for example if she were to obtain a part time job .    current psychiatric diagnoses    autism spectrum disorder symptoms   zzzzz 


school at 15 without any qualifications . the same year she started working as a machinist and did this job for 6 years . she then worked as a cleaner in st thomas ' hospital for 10 years


2 years . she works as a carer and reported no concerns regarding her ability to carry out her job safely . ms zzzzz   has never been married and is currently single . she has six


. details of person making referral   	 name of referrer 	 kate tidnam and sarah ryan 	 job title 	 team manager and adult mental health practitioner  	 agency 	 parental mental health team 	


be overseen by a doctor , and alongside this oasis could also offer her practical support and advice around job applications and housing . i will continue to see zzzzz   while we await a decision on


part time hours but she does not feel empowered enough to do this and is worried about losing her job .     brianna is also worried about finances and how she will manage once the


teen years . you shared that you have had varying successes in your life , including having a good job and travelling the world ) but that your depression has always been a barrier for you . adding


wrap :    trigger for depression   · disappointment with life- not feeling happy with my job or relationship status · feeling that life is falling apart/ drifting away   · losing possibilities in


the time , you thought that your life was falling apart ; you did not feel happy with your job or your relationship status . interestingly , neither medication nor having contact with others featured in your management


not currently receiving benefits . qqqqq   was requesting advice on whether zzzzz   was entitled to job seekers allowance or dla and would like more advice about this   plan : meeting with htt


s tested : 		 05/04/2019 	 age at testing : 		 61 	 assessor : 		 victoria edwards 		 job title : 		 assistant psychologist 	 	 neuropsychological assessment summary : 	 dementia screen 		 date : 	


