she will self - refer . no longer in a crisis that required htt interventions .   current risk :    risk to self : reportedly took an od of paracetamol tablets 3 days prior


. no longer in a crisis that required htt interventions .   current risk :    risk to self : reportedly took an od of paracetamol tablets 3 days prior to referral to shtt .


or plans to further harm herself during htt interventions . reported a history of alcohol abuse .   risk to others : due to history of alcohol abuse risk to others remains unpredictable .   the


reported a history of alcohol abuse .   risk to others : due to history of alcohol abuse risk to others remains unpredictable .   the attached medical discharge summary includes diagnosis and medication . 


liaison services ( accident and emergency in king’s college hospital ) if she feels herself or others are at risk .       yours faithfully   checked and authorised electronically   dr roberto murphy ct3


. relapses are usually triggered by stressful events in her life and therefore there is an on - going risk that her illness will return . should this happen ms zzzzz   would struggle to be able


time and childcare issues .   no thoughts of self - harm or suicidal ideation .   risk to self   no current .     to others   no current 


they had no legal grounds in which to break and enter property- as there are no obvious signs of risk , malodour etc . this being said , they were willing to attempt to use non - invasive


and a discharge from lhtt was completed in zzzzz ’s absence- reasoning for this : no obvious signs of risk in flat such as malodour , mess , flat remained very tidy , lhtt have had no contact


harm self at present . history of self - harm at 11yrs old due to abuse .   risk    to self    current – no risk to self currently historic – thoughts


old due to abuse .   risk    to self    current – no risk to self currently historic – thoughts that live is not worth living in 2014 but stated she had


or plans to harm herself .   to others   current thoughts or display – no current risk to others historic : no history of risk to others . drug and alcohol use no current drug


to others   current thoughts or display – no current risk to others historic : no history of risk to others . drug and alcohol use no current drug or alcohol use   expectations from service


the united kingdom .   she has stated that were this to be decided more definitely then her risk of self - harm may increase .   at the very least , this would need to


medication dose is therapeutic and he is motivated to continue that in the long term .    risk to himself and others is low . he is engaging well with his probation officer . zzzzz ’s


a day , 365 days of the year ) .   if you are concerned about an immediate risk of harm - either to yourself or someone else - then phone 999 . psychological medicine & integrated


managing stress and coping skills will be beneficial in sustaining her recovery journey .     	 risk history : self harm / suicide / domestic abuse :  	 worsening of her depression intrusive negative


expressed no intent or plans to act on them . he cites his son as a protective factor current risk :    risk to self : currently , no thoughts of suicide or self - harm


to act on them . he cites his son as a protective factor current risk :    risk to self : currently , no thoughts of suicide or self - harm . past history of self


no thoughts of suicide or self - harm . past history of self - harming – slashed wrist . risk to others : no history of aggressive behaviour reported . the attached medical discharge summary includes diagnosis and


  he has never smoked , never drank alcohol or taken illicit drugs .    his risk was assessed as low to self , others and of neglect given his good clinical recovery , insight


:   zzzzz     zzzzz   i am writing to refer this client for risk assessment and management .   the client reported he is not currently taking any psychotropic medication and


see his child .      previous treatment :   none     risk    client reports daily suicidal ideation , and says he has attempted multiple times , sometimes


physically sick . he doesn’t feel he has anyone he can talk to at the moment .   risk from others – none reported     risk to others – multiple times , temper is


can talk to at the moment .   risk from others – none reported     risk to others – multiple times , temper is very short to the point that knuckles are bruised and


