to have an unstable immigration status and has had to parent her children without recourse to public funds or employment .    relationships zzzzz   met her partner in the uk , dadua is also


looking into community opportunities . our vocational service is able to provide support and assistance for people interested in employment , voluntary and educational opportunities . we can also help with accessing other services that are available to


icd.4546 partner 10 yr 	  10'3      you may establish a business or take employment without the need to apply ,   for * work    public funds  


there is any association between alcohol consumption and her anger   current social circumstances include : accommodation , employment , financial circumstances , immigration status , social network & current social contact , caring responsibilities & activities


mother and brother , although she is trying without success to move out . she is in full time employment working in an auto centre for her aunty .   she has friends although the working commitment


and a fake national insurance number under the name of zzzzz   zzzzz , and that she obtained employment at greggs bakery for many years .   ms. zzzzz   has always refused to give


, zzzzz 			 interpreter / sign language : n / a   post code : nw6 3bh 			 employment : 	 unemployed   email : click here to enter text .   telephone : qqqqq


. found it difficult to identify any activities which she would like to engage in .    employment : currently unemployed . was working for lewisham council , however stopped work in december 2014 after a


	 pnd / and / mental health 	 |x|  	 childcare / early education * 	 |_| 	 employment 	 |_| 	 speech and language 	 |_|  	 child’s health  	 	 other ( please


lives in a 4 bedroom privately rented house in south zzzzz   which may be part of her employment contract , she also has another address in colindale which is not very clear why she is there


or bring this letter to their drop in centre . their details are : address :   thames reach employment academy , , 29 peckham rd , zzzzz   se5 8ua . hours :   open today


she feels close to them but does not discuss her mental state with them .     employment history   she reports she was a cashier in sainsburys for 10 years but suffered a great


? tick box(es ) – indicate as many as necessary  	 psychological symptoms family problems   housing employment bereavement alcohol misuse carer  	      	 aggression / violence benefits / finance


   ? relationship with family            ? employment                  


to support you with this in the future . we also discussed how thinking about training , education and employment will be an important part of maintaining good mental health . finally , we spoke about increasing your


family and environment   family history , functioning and well - being ; wider family ; housing , employment and financial considerations ; social and community elements and resources , including education if applicable : evidence of


with getting his own place to live in also pursuing some college course but no immediate plan to undertake employment . he reports that feels depressed and describes this depression as feeling angry and at times thoughts of


 reported that he worked in argos for approximately 4 weeks during the christmas period of 2016 but this employment was terminated by argos . he reports a poor relationship with his father that lives in the family


re type of therapy , possibility of art therapy available locally 4 . zzzzz   will contact status employment for career advice 5 . f / u appt arranged for 6th november at , crisis plan agreed-


	 |_| 	 training  	 |_| 	 neet 	 |_| 	 	  	 sen 	 |_| 	 employment 	 |_| 	 other ( please specify ) 	 	 	   										    


   ? relationship with family            ? employment                  


: medication increase to 150 mg       2 ) sign - post to the employment support service         3 ) care co - ordinator to refer


: medication increase to 150 mg       2 ) sign - post to the employment support service         3 ) care co - ordinator to refer


   she left with no exams and went to work in a factory in blackfriars . further employment included as a hotel chambermaid , in a hospital and another factory .    ms zzzzz


talked about mosaic club house and some vocational support available there if she requires more structured support in obtaining employment . i also mentioned recovery college ( http://www.slamrecoverycollege.co.uk/ ) for one - off or a period of activities


