in more aggressive tones could remind you of early experiences with dad .   feeling on edge and irritable is a common difficulty for people with ptsd and was probably also related to your low mood .


home , that mum had been experiencing pain in her back and had seemed lower in mood and more irritable with everyone than usual recently .   with your older sister away at university you have taken


cope better .   there were no reports of acute psychosis and he was not observed to be irritable , suspicious or distractible .   he was alert and well orientated .   he had


anxious”.   zzzzz ’s mother reported that when zzzzz   is anxious she experiences restlessness and is irritable and agitated .   zzzzz ’s mother described some of the things zzzzz   worries about


reported that she had been able to observe a pattern in zzzzz ’s behaviour when she starts to become irritable and she had given the risperidone oro - dispersible tablets to zzzzz   at these times .


zzzzz ’s mood was deteriorating around the time of her menstrual period and she would present as unsettled and irritable .   we recommended for zzzzz   to be initiated on sertraline medication to help manage


  miss zzzzz   said she is generally an easy - going person but can sometimes become irritable .  	 forensic history : nil  	 social support & activities of daily living : 


reported hallucinations or abnormal thoughts or ideas .   ms zzzzz   reported that she can get irritable and likes things done in a certain way in the house .    ms zzzzz 


.  	 pre - morbid personality :   ms zzzzz   reported that she can get irritable and likes things done in a certain way in the house .  	 forensic history : no


female ; well presented ; moderate rapport ; good eye - contact .     mood : irritable , sullen ; no affective or manic features .   speech : normal .   no


“all the time”.   his support workers have also noticed that zzzzz   often appears to be irritable .   one of the reasons zzzzz   said that he feels angry is that he


risk of social isolation .   those supporting zzzzz   have also noticed that he appears more irritable , and zzzzz   commented that he feels angry “all the time.”   zzzzz  


who usually supports her with the home chores , was unwell and not able to help . sainabu became irritable which was unusual for her , and would follow qqqqq   around in the house . one


the weather . she did not present as agitated , nil objective evidence of perceptual disturbances , but seemed irritable and was hostile when talking about the staff on the dialysis unit . her speech was pressured and


