history of low mood and this is impacting on her functioning and may become detrimental to her ability to parent her 4 children . initial assessment :    zzzzz   engaged well in the initial


zzzzz .   zzzzz   has continued to have an unstable immigration status and has had to parent her children without recourse to public funds or employment .    relationships zzzzz   met


works as a cleaner .   the parents separated in 2014 but have since continued to co - parent and gone on to have a 4th child . zzzzz   states that dadua lives separately to


previous letter sent to you in february , zzzzz   has not been able to attend our therapeutic parent and toddler group in qqqqq   since march as her daughter qqqqq   had speech and


difficulties coping with numerous social stressors , and the impact these stressors are having on her role as a parent .   zzzzz ’s mental qqqqq   continues to be monitored by the pmht as her


crèche facilities provided for the children . we are now encouraging zzzzz   to attend our weekly therapeutic parent , qqqqq   and toddler group which will resume after the summer break on 7qqqqq  


to contact me on 0203 228 9800 .   yours sincerely      rhodie thomas parent support practitioner parental mental health team    cc . zzzzz   zzzzz   


sending the opt in letter on 4th june i received an email on 30th june from lorraine campbell ( parent outreach worker ) from the grove children centre and nursery in southwark as ms zzzzz   –zzzzz


to complete this form  	 if you are a practitioner and want to request additional support for a parent or family please complete pages 1 and 2 , ask the parent to sign page 3 to say


want to request additional support for a parent or family please complete pages 1 and 2 , ask the parent to sign page 3 to say they give consent to share their information with zzzzz   council


 	 parent(s ) / main carer(s ) details – this section must be completed  	 	 main parent / carer 	 other parent / carer   	 full name 	 zzzzz   zzzzz 


main carer(s ) details – this section must be completed  	 	 main parent / carer 	 other parent / carer   	 full name 	 zzzzz   zzzzz  	  	 address inc


female 	 	 date of birth 	    	 please detail any additional or communication needs ( parent ) .     	 details of children  	 	 first child 	 second child


	 no 	 |x|    	 what are you seeking help with ? ( please complete with parent / carer and tick all that apply )  	 carer with a disability or additional need 


* if the family needs funding for an early learning place for a two year old please provide the parent / carer ni number 	 |_| 	 |_| 	 |_| 	 |_| 	 |_| 	 |_| 	 |_|


 	 further information : please give us a little bit more information about the help or support the parent or family could benefit from , along with other information that the family has given consent to share


do not wish your information to be shared with )  	        parent / carer     name : 				      	 signature : 					


to find out if you , qqqqq   and qqqqq   will be returning to the therapeutic parent and toddler group in september .    we were expecting you to return to the group


been recommended that she works with the parental mental health team in the context of her role as a parent . she will require ongoing qqqqq continuous assessment from the parental mental health team .   ms


and she was greatly influenced negatively by friends .   she said she was a child that no parent would wish to have .   she currently denied any thought of self - harm or harm


;    · x an initial assessment on mental health needs in context with role as a parent       · x individual support in context with mental health needs  


for cp conference , and zzzzz , qqqqq   and qqqqq   continue to attend the therapeutic parent and toddler / qqqqq   group which takes place weekly on mondays 10.30am to 12 pm 


questions ,   yours sincerely ,   dr vanessa buckley   clinical psychologist confidential   parent of zzzzz   zzzzz    zzzzz zzzzz    zzzzz    confidential


questions ,   yours sincerely ,   dr vanessa buckley   clinical psychologist confidential   parent of zzzzz   zzzzz    zzzzz zzzzz    zzzzz   confidential 


status 	         details of any special requirements for the child and/or parent / carer :  	         child(ren ) a young carer


