small triggers can escalate quickly into arguments for all your family and you found that people talking in more aggressive tones could remind you of early experiences with dad .   feeling on edge and irritable is


harm . past history of self - harming – slashed wrist . risk to others : no history of aggressive behaviour reported . the attached medical discharge summary includes diagnosis and medication . discharge plan :  


. this has caused her to struggle with her anger and she is finding that she is becoming more aggressive and threatening to her friends . shelia is very aware of her behaviours and this causes feelings of


she appeared to take pride in appearance . she was calm with no psychomotor agitation . she was not aggressive . poor eye contact . good rapport was established but at times was vague with her responses .


is currently denying any thoughts to harm herself .   risk to others no history of vioilent or aggressive behavior .   drugs and alcohol it is documented that ms zzzzz   has abused alcohol


reason for referral : assessment and second opinion regarding ongoing management of zzzzz ’s presentation ( including anxiety and aggressive behaviour ) , particularly in relation to pharmacological intervention .  	 risk factors :  	 zzzzz


  she has also thumped walls and pushed previous teacher through a door .   zzzzz ’s aggressive outbursts can be unpredictable and of a severe nature .   zzzzz   has also absconded


1 . to help manage zzzzz ’s anxiety symptoms    2 . to help manage zzzzz ’s aggressive behaviour     3 . concern regarding zzzzz ’s weight gain on the medication , risperidone


.     medication history zzzzz   was started on risperidone in march 2011 to manage aggressive behaviour which was considered related to increased anxiety .   zzzzz   was initiated on 0.5


increased to 0.25 mg in the morning and 0.75 mg in the evening .   the levels of aggressive behaviour reduced .    in february 2012 , zzzzz   had hyperprolactinemia with breast discharge


twice daily with the continuation of fluoxetine 4 mg mane .   this lead to a reduction of aggressive episodes and zzzzz   reengaged with therapeutic sessions .        


    in december 2013 , zzzzz   was reported to be presenting with agitation and aggressive behaviour and because prolactin levels were high , aripiprazole was introduced .   zzzzz ’s mother ,


risperidone .   in may 2014 , zzzzz   was reportedly presenting with significant distress and physically aggressive behaviour .   we therefore recommended introducing risperidone oro - dispersible tablets 0.25 mg to be used


, there had been a reported deterioration in zzzzz ’s presentation with increased levels of agitation , irritability and aggressive behaviour .   we recommended that fluoxetine be reintroduced .   in june 2015 ms qqqqq


you do often feel very angry , but it is usually with yourself and you have never become physically aggressive . you shared that though motherhood is very difficult , you feel able to fulfil your role as


by experiences of sexual abuse perpetrated by her nanny 's husband , difficult relationship with brother who was physically aggressive . parents separated when zzzzz   was aged 9 , mum did not pay much attention to


was reporting that she felt she was being watched and was accusing people of laughing at her , getting aggressive with staff , refusing to engage in dialysis and missing 2 dialysis appointments . further concerns were raised


