this letter is to say goodbye , and includes a summary of our work together and the plan for support for you from other services which can help with your ptsd and low mood .   referral


to college and have dreams for the future , you have friends and you are offering a lot of support to your mum around the house and in caring for your younger siblings .   you had


happening .   you have also had ongoing stressors in life and it has been difficult to find support within your family as they too have their own difficulties and it is qqqqq   something you


to be ‘filed away’ properly we spoke about how there is good evidence that this can happen through therapeutic support . psychological therapy   we met for a total of four sessions ( two in january ,


it was very difficult qqqqq   to rise to provocation from family members , particularly mum . social support   in our more recent sessions you explained that the house move had been very stressful for


and zzzzz   camhs ) but can make referrals to ensure that you continue to have access to support for adults .   we agreed on the following plan together :   · i will


zzzzz   assessment and liaison service who can offer an assessment to see whether there is any further support you might require , including longer term or more specialist therapy .   · the early help


including longer term or more specialist therapy .   · the early help keyworker can be available to support you as well as your family , and may be able to help you with things like getting


real resilience despite so many difficult experiences in life .   i do hope that you find the support from the adult services helpful , that your flashbacks reduce and your mood improves and you are able


cr0 9eu   alison welch ,   family resilience service ,   early intervention and family support service ,   4d bernard weatherill house ,   8 mint walk , zzzzz , cr0


cr0 1ea .   1 4   trust headquarters , 9th floor    st giles support & recovery ( north west ) team    st giles house    st giles


health team since 2012 .    currently she has weekly appointments with me for follow up and support .   diagnosis : f32.3 - severe depressive episode with psychotic symptoms    medication :


symptoms as detailed above . she would also need re - referral to mental health services for monitoring , support and treatment .   please do not hesitate to contact me on above numbers should you require


immediate help . some coping strategies which could be utilised include :   · contacting the mental health support line on 0800 731 2864 , 24 hours a day   · ringing 999 and requesting an


is occasional work on fridays only . the father of the twins is around however he is inconstant with support which has caused tension . the couple are no longer together however he does occasionally see his children


previous contact with mental health when she was very young however due to non - attendance no intervention or support was given at the time . iapt was involved up until two weeks ago focusing on stress management


trying to improve this .    concentration / focus is poor but is improving following the iapt support    described her mood 5 out 10 ( 10 being the best ) stated it was


centre to ensure the family are supported in the best zzzzz   possible and professionals are aware that support is required .    · ms zzzzz   is to make an appointment with her


family and works long hours . he visits the children frequently but zzzzz   reports he does not support her how she feels he should and she is frustrated with him .   children  


and taken in by another family at zzzzz ’s childrens school for 6 months .    social support   zzzzz   describes having little support except for through her childrens school where she has


childrens school for 6 months .    social support   zzzzz   describes having little support except for through her childrens school where she has friends who are fellow parents . she describes the


psychologist qqqqq   qqqqq . zzzzz   states that her husband provides a small amount of financial support for food and necessities .   daily routine zzzzz   rarely goes out of the home


third child . her symptoms were managed through primary care services and she has remained engaged with talking therapies support and gp reviews consistently .   prescribed medication   states she stopped taking prescribed citalopram 20


no current drug or alcohol use   expectations from service user   zzzzz   would like support to attend the keeping well post birth group to feel less ‘lonely’.   summary   


32 year old mother of 4 children her second eldest child has some behavioural issues which he receives additional support from school . she has a history of postnatal depression and is currently feeling low in mood citing


