interest in things and suffers from anhedonia .    she has been self - isolating , is socially withdrawn and also experiences poor sleep and exhausted especially in the post natal period . zzzzz   continues


thoughts and thoughts to self - harm , tearfulness , ruminating about her current situation , becoming increasingly socially withdrawn , poor concentration and poor sleep .   zzzzz   has been open when talking about


that we had last week , saife did qqqqq   sit her mock history paper so we have withdrawn her from history , she was a little disappointed with the decision but i feel she has gotten


she has gotten over this .           she has also been withdrawn from gcse maths but will take this next year along with her two existing a levels of psychology


in things and also suffers from anhedonia .    she has been self - isolating , is socially withdrawn and also experiences poor sleep .    her appetite has been of concern during her pregnancy ;


girl on the qqqqq . she has been very quiet not sleeping and talking to herself . she has withdrawn and crying all the time in her bedroom . she has lost appetite and not interested in things


especially affecting sleep and sporadic appetite patterns .   zzzzz   did not appear overtly anxious or withdrawn on today’s review .   speech was normal in rate , tone , volume and content .


over the past 2 years , in particular after she failed to secure her job , she has been withdrawn . she has been eating and sleeping reasonably ok . she finds her motivation for being productive quite


   progress and treatment on ward during her first days on the ward , sainabu maintained a withdrawn profile , refusing to engage with staff , appearing low in mood , with episodes of tearfulness ,


within a few days .    early warning signs · reduced sleep and appetite · irritability · withdrawn mood   late signs · smelling things · paranoid thoughts about husband · low insight into mental


able to regularly go to the sauna as a way of decreasing her pain . due to depression has withdrawn a lot from others although still sees family .        any past psychiatric input


