experiences and how you have been feeling .   i hope that your experience of developing a trusting relationship and sharing these stories with someone who is there to help has been a positive experience for you


, kings college hospital , se5 9rs  	 contact number / email : 	 0203 299 3234 	 relationship   with client : 	 perinatal nurse   	 person referred  	 name : 	


gp details : 	   	 children and other adults in the household :  	 name 	 relationship 	 d.o.b./edd  	 kyla   mainoo 	 daughter 	 qqqqq   	 	 	 


feels content overall that he can manage and seek support if necessary . he also talked about a good relationship with his gp surgery and particularly he is seeing dr neah with whom he has a good rapport


germany he comes often to zzzzz   and he has a good understanding of him and a close relationship and his telephone number is qqqqq .    recovery plan    his defined goals


  ico4546 partner 10 yr  	  2 of 3      11 your relationship breaks down or your circumstances change during the period for which   you have been allowed to


jeremiah and gives her a break by taking him out .   they are not in a sexual relationship any longer .    children jeremiah – dob :   qqqqq .   past


germany and she speaks to him once in a while .   they don’t have a very close relationship .   she said her aunt abused her physically and emotionally .   she reported that


house ) and was struggling with a high level of distress following the recent trauma of leaving an abusive relationship .   reason for closure zzzzz   presents with ongoing low mood .   however


taking on quite a lot of care of her grandmother , that things are still quite difficult in her relationship with her mother and that she is still very worried about finances . she gave me her permission


strongly denied any thoughts of wanting to end her life .   she reports she has a good relationship with her children and sees them every weekend , and she is looking forward to the birth of


love was and actually to this day has never felt love .   zzzzz   began a relationship which she described as ‘on / off’ for many years . described a dv relationship , zzzzz 


  began a relationship which she described as ‘on / off’ for many years . described a dv relationship , zzzzz   described occasions when he had destroyed property , held a knife to her throat


this time to ‘do other things’.   zzzzz   said that she had thought about ending the relationship , however also felt that he had been the only one there for her and the thought of


zzzzz   leave , which made her feel guilty and responsible . zzzzz   said that the relationship finally came to an end in 2013 , saying that she felt that it was ‘too much’ and


to an end in 2013 , saying that she felt that it was ‘too much’ and she needed the relationship to end . she went on to say that following the end of this relationship she began to


and she needed the relationship to end . she went on to say that following the end of this relationship she began to ‘sleep around’ , stated that she wasn’t thinking , had unprotected sex saying that she


thoughts of self - harm .    risk factors : young woman poor social network , strained relationship with family , lack of friends untreated low mood , fleeting suicidal thoughts alcohol intake   protective


, zzzzz   said that so much has happened between them that she does not see that their relationship can ever be repaired . zzzzz   said that their contact is always ‘emotional’ and lots of


started dating . feels disappointed by him as three weeks ago found out that he was still in a relationship and that his partner was pregnant . feels very sad and low about this as feels that she


	 f 	 m 	 m 	  	 additional needs 	 none 	 none 	 	  	 relationship to   main carer 	 daughter 	 son 	 son 	  	 relationship to other 


	 	  	 relationship to   main carer 	 daughter 	 son 	 son 	  	 relationship to other   carer ( if applicable )  	 	 	 	  	 ethnicity 	


and distressed” a few months ago when she came to zzzzz   from birmingham , fleeing an abusive relationship with her 10 year old son . she feels lonely and emotionally unsupported in zzzzz   where


she reported him to police in brixton who are investigating the case . she is not currently in any relationship , having previously been involved in a few abusive relationships . she currently lives with her 10 year


has been working with ernest and young for the past year . she is not married or in a relationship currently . she has no children .    social history : lives in a 4 bedroom


