 mood anxiety and personality clinical academic group map(east / west)croydon tamworth resource centre   37 tamworth road 


	 dr anne boocock   		 dr nozomi akanuma          mood anxiety and personality     clinical academic group ( map - cag )   


assessment .   clinical progress :   engaged with htt for a brief period . reported improved mood . given information for local services for alcohol and drugs as well as primary care psychological services which


together and the plan for support for you from other services which can help with your ptsd and low mood .   referral and assessment   we met as part of the ‘waiting list initiative’ for


me and dr dr naz goodarzian .   i was impressed by your courage in talking about your mood , experiences and flashbacks , even though it was difficult upsetting .   we agreed that i


to the appointments after such a long break .   in addition to working on understanding your low mood and ptsd and how to address these , we also agreed three goals for our work together ,


edge and irritable is a common difficulty for people with ptsd and was probably also related to your low mood .   we agreed that we would focus on working on the first two goals directly ,


two goals directly , hoping that improvements in your sleep and routine would have a positive impact on your mood .   it sounded when we spoke in march that you felt there had been some improvement


for everyone at home , that mum had been experiencing pain in her back and had seemed lower in mood and more irritable with everyone than usual recently .   with your older sister away at university


from the family resilience service .    progress   i was sorry to hear that your mood continues to feel quite up and down .   you told me that you have been reflecting


 increasing access to psychological therapies service ( iapt ) who can offer you therapy to help manage your mood and flashbacks .     · i will also make a referral to the zzzzz 


do hope that you find the support from the adult services helpful , that your flashbacks reduce and your mood improves and you are able to go on to achieve your dream of becoming a hairdresser . 


123456   /   zzzzz   	 nature of the interview : 	 slam cag - mood , anxiety , personality  	 information for interpreter : 	    should you have any


zzzzz   was referred to the team by her iapt practitioner due to concerns that was experiencing low mood .    current    ms zzzzz   lives with her mother , her


however she stated she knew she hadn’t faced some ‘demons’ and this is clearly contributing to her experiencing low mood and anxiety .    mental health history   ms zzzzz   said she has


since childhood . she didn’t enjoy school and struggled with leaving the home and confidence . she experienced low mood after the birth of her twins and described not feeling she could manage them and not feeling she


section and her expectations of labour were very different to what occured , this all contributed to her low mood post birth .   previous intervention   ms zzzzz   has had previous contact with


  concentration / focus is poor but is improving following the iapt support    described her mood 5 out 10 ( 10 being the best ) stated it was ok but not great , no


crisis ?          trust headquarters , 9th floor    mood anxiety and personality clinical academic group   southwark north ( map cag ) southwark north assessment &


 from southwark talking therapies .   zzzzz   was referred due to a history of low mood and this is impacting on her functioning and may become detrimental to her ability to parent her 4


understood the reasons for the referral .   current difficulties   zzzzz   described ongoing low mood since the birth of her now 3 year old daughter . she described feeling anxious that the same


was 19 weeks pregnant mental state examination a 32 year old lady who presented as tearful and low in mood , sat on her bed holding her sleeping baby throughout .   mood - subjectively rated her


as tearful and low in mood , sat on her bed holding her sleeping baby throughout .   mood - subjectively rated her mood as “3 out of 10”   sleep – described having difficulty sleeping


mood , sat on her bed holding her sleeping baby throughout .   mood - subjectively rated her mood as “3 out of 10”   sleep – described having difficulty sleeping as she wakes often due


receives additional support from school . she has a history of postnatal depression and is currently feeling low in mood citing her mood as 3/10 today and frequently tearful , not sleeping . denied thoughts of harm to


