 current social circumstances she is currently living in a bedsit where she was placed by zzzzz   council .   she is on all the benefits she is entitled to . family & personal history


the boundaries are difficult for shelia to manage .   shelia also wants to move house but lambeth council are not accepting that she needs support due to having a full time job .   biographical


she would like to engage in .    employment : currently unemployed . was working for lewisham council , however stopped work in december 2014 after a period of 8 months off work due to the


the parent to sign page 3 to say they give consent to share their information with zzzzz   council and services they commission and send to locality early help ( see page 2 ) . this is


 her husband does not work and is currently providing the childcare . social circumstances they currently live in council property and her husband is in receipt of benefits .   he gives her money for shopping


gaining leave to remain in the uk .     our housing worker presented him to greenwich council , as this was the borough with his local connection .   his case was accepted ,


	 	 	  	 who owns your home : please check with client 	 owner occupier 	 	 council 	 × 	 housing association 	 	 private rented 	 	 other 	  	 name and address


she is happy with her housing situation at the moment .   she lives with her son in council accommodation at the moment .     finances   she reported no financial concerns .


  · accepted to lewisham assessment & liaison service .   · i made contact with lewisham council help sort out council tax arrears and set up direct debit .   · medical review was


to lewisham assessment & liaison service .   · i made contact with lewisham council help sort out council tax arrears and set up direct debit .   · medical review was arranged with dr giles


 ? ? ?           common assessment record • southwark council 8   _ 1293701416.doc     trust headquarters , 9th floor    date


           _ _ _ _ _      council services , online , 24/7 www.croydon.gov.uk/myaccount download our new free my croydon app for a faster , smarter


be eligible for an early registration discount www.croydon.gov.uk/betterplacetorent   please use this web site address to view the council 's e - mail disclaimer - http://www.croydon.gov.uk/email-disclaimer       zzzzz zzzzz ,  


29 october   2018 at 11.00am at bernard weatherill house , 8 mint walk , croydon ( croydon council ) in room 8 , to identify your needs and look at whether reablement is the right service


possible .   please note we are required to give your address to book a room at the council . if you have any queries about this or it’s an issue , please contact us as soon


 miss zzzzz   is a vulnerable single mother whom requires a safe place to live by southwark council for herself and her daughter who have been through difficult and traumatic times .    this


her finances because she is out of work and is in privately rented accommodation . she reports that the council will not give her council housing until she has lived in the borough for 2 years ; she


out of work and is in privately rented accommodation . she reports that the council will not give her council housing until she has lived in the borough for 2 years ; she moved into her accommodation in


her finances because she is out of work and is in privately rented accommodation . she reports that the council will not give her council housing until she has lived in the borough for 2 years ; she


out of work and is in privately rented accommodation . she reports that the council will not give her council housing until she has lived in the borough for 2 years ; she moved into her accommodation in


rented accommodation . she is using her savings to pay her rent . she has explored benefits with the council . they are offering to subsidise her rent but can not subsidise the full amount .  


one daughter and is divorced . she has lived with her daughter and now her two granddaughters in a council property for approximately 12 years .  	 pre - morbid personality :   ms zzzzz 


as she is unemployed ; she is in receipt of universal credit and is currently trying to access her council tax benefits , as these were stopped a few months ago .   zzzzz   described


her address for the past 14/15 years .   zzzzz   is currently in contact with the council regarding damp in her basement .   she has a supporting housing officer and needs to refer


that she is currently residing in kingston in a temporal accommodation offered by the borough of zzzzz   council .    zzzzz   has a long history of depression , eating disorder ( bulimia


