zzzzz   cr0 9eu   alison welch ,   family resilience service ,   early intervention and family support service ,   4d bernard weatherill house ,   8 mint walk ,


very different to what occured , this all contributed to her low mood post birth .   previous intervention   ms zzzzz   has had previous contact with mental health when she was very young


has had previous contact with mental health when she was very young however due to non - attendance no intervention or support was given at the time . iapt was involved up until two weeks ago focusing on


local fep coordinator or to  	 by post or by hand  	 locality early help , early intervention support service , department for children families and learning , floor 4 zone c , bernard weatherill house


local fep coordinator or to  	 by post or by hand  	 locality early help , early intervention support service , department for children families and learning , floor 4 zone c , bernard weatherill house


    fax:0203 299 1550 clinic : 4th march 2016 private and confidential   the early intervention health visitor   west norwood health & leisure centre   25 devane way   zzzzz


on 12/4/18 .    the plan is for 28 midwifery team follow - up and input from early intervention qqqqq   qqqqq   post - delivery .    2 . mental qqqqq : zzzzz


clinic appointments as well as psychology sessions . she will also be availing 28 day midwifery service and early intervention qqqqq   qqqqq   in the postnatal period .    we also discussed about a


an assessment with the camhs care link susi study , this is a feasibility study which offers screening and intervention for the under 4 's emotional and social development . however , i understand that following completing the


the under 4 's emotional and social development . however , i understand that following completing the assessment an intervention was not required and therefore she has been discharged from our service . ms zzzzz   is


· x individual support in context with mental health needs      ·   group intervention    ·   individual support and group work   if you have any questions


. do you have any current concerns about alcohol , substance misuse or smoking ? 3 . has an intervention been offered for any of the following within the last 12 months :   cvs disease ,


longer require our service and therefore you will be discharged back to the gp and care of your early intervention health visitor jayne thorpe .    you can be re - referred back to the team


  smoker ?        no   ( if yes , what intervention has been offered ? )             


a young father .   past psychiatric diagnosis :    no diagnosis and no mental health intervention reported . has self - harmed frequently since the age of 16   current and past medications


ongoing management of zzzzz ’s presentation ( including anxiety and aggressive behaviour ) , particularly in relation to pharmacological intervention .  	 risk factors :  	 zzzzz   is an 18 year old girl with


for assessment and second opinion regarding ongoing management of zzzzz ’s current presentation , particularly in relation to pharmacological intervention .   parents’ main concerns   1 . to help manage zzzzz ’s anxiety symptoms 


asti ) in august and she was advised that she would be referred to an appropriate professional for psychological intervention .   we agreed to liaise with the asti to provide information regarding our clinical understanding of


qqqqq -zzzzz   was in agreement with our recommendations .    in addition to the psychopharmacological intervention provided to zzzzz , the cipprd team have provided psycho - education to zzzzz ’s family to help


prolactin level . 3 . we are in support of the referral by asti for the provision of psychological intervention for zzzzz .      we have provided a summary above outlining our involvement with


techniques including diet , exercise and sleep hygiene provided .   3 . await cipts referral for psychological intervention .   4 . we agreed today that the next logical step for zzzzz   would


to do this too as i believe her to be quite a vulnerable individual who would benefit from further intervention .   i’m closing her to our service but ask that you re - refer on relocation


to the children and believe that their development is , and will continue to be , significantly impaired without intervention .    	 if any disclosures have been made include who by and when ? 


your designated child protection lead . we know that it is sometimes difficult to decide the appropriate point of intervention . to help you to determine levels of need when making your own assessment , please refer to


a friend , family member , partner , or an advocate to this meeting as we are aware the intervention is more successful if they are involved . in addition if your gp would like to attend or


