therapy and also that you were otherwise well .    you talked about how you had challenged beliefs about being responsible during therapy and had ‘taken a step back’ , allowing others to do things for


longer eligible for perinatal services . however , perinatal referred her on to ssalt because she was experiencing persecutory beliefs and has a history of serious attempts to end her life .   interventions and treatment :


be raped -she ensures that the doors are locked places objects against the door to block entry -ongoing persecutory beliefs and fears about being broken into and being raped -zzzzz   has been suicidal in the past


due to having a full time job .   biographical information include family and personal history , spiritual beliefs and cultural practices * * a child risk screen must be completed   lives with mother and


reducing alcohol intake .   impression :   zzzzz   reports a return of some paranoid beliefs . these appear to be secondary to noise in and around her house , and not primary delusional


beliefs . these appear to be secondary to noise in and around her house , and not primary delusional beliefs . whilst she holds them with a degree of certainty , she is able to consider alternative explanations


   early experience s   shape   the way   your   views/ beliefs about   hearing   voice s   and what the voice says 	  


only you tried . this only served to reinforce your sense of hopelessness about the future and your negative beliefs about yourself .    goals of therapy we agreed the following goals for therapy : 


however they do not feel that this is in excess , and that she has never expressed any strange beliefs or appeared elated with high levels of energy .   zzzzz   currently lives at home


   early experience s   shape   the way   your   views/ beliefs about   hearing   voice s   and what the voice says 	  


normal range of reactivity and affect expressed appropriate to conversation . nil evidence of psychotic phenomena , nil abnormal beliefs expressed . speech normal rate , tone and volume , easy to make conversation with . nil evidence


her to build any trust . notes protective factors such as her mother was a pastor , her christian beliefs and her friends . her friend was with her during the assessment and it was the first time


asleep . her appetite has also worsened in the past few months . she was thought to have persecutory beliefs about food prepared by others during her last depressive episode . she denies any current concerns about food


a previous episode of depression , but denies hearing any voices now . there is no evidence of delusional beliefs at present .   there is evidence of amotivation and anergia . however , mrs zzzzz 


