, no time to myself time and childcare issues .   no thoughts of self - harm or suicidal ideation .   risk to self   no current .     to others


of recent deterioration in the mental state characterised by intense anxiety , depressive as well as psychotic symptoms and suicidal ideation .     while under our care ms zzzzz   appeared anxious ; her


to feel emotions and reduced interest in things and activities she previously liked . ms zzzzz   expressed suicidal ideation in case of eviction of imprisonment , which it seemed to an expression of distress while partly


he loves life and does not want to end it but sometimes when overwhelmed with anxiety and has fleeting suicidal thoughts . he expressed no intent or plans to act on them . he cites his son as


under stress which is triggered by worries about her application to the home office . her symptoms include ; suicidal thoughts and thoughts to self - harm , tearfulness , ruminating about her current situation , becoming increasingly


. not many friends at the moment .   presenting problem :       suicidal impulses and being very angry , becoming very anxious . the anger has been there since january but


impulses and being very angry , becoming very anxious . the anger has been there since january but the suicidal impulses for about 5 years . he’s not sure why he started to feel this way – he


started to feel this way – he didn’t like college but he’s not sure why that would have triggered suicidal impulses . in january a lot of things kept happening , arguing with people , thiings going wrong


  previous treatment :   none     risk    client reports daily suicidal ideation , and says he has attempted multiple times , sometimes just on impulse . he doesn’t have


please continue to take your medication as prescribed .   though , you are not currently experiencing active suicidal thoughts , please see below for crisis plan which can be utilised if you feel you need immediate


zzzzz   and maudsley 24 hour crisis line on 0800 731 2864 .    if feeling suicidal and in need of support , contact the maytree for short - term stay and support . 


block entry -ongoing persecutory beliefs and fears about being broken into and being raped -zzzzz   has been suicidal in the past and has attempted to end her life by hanging in 2004 . she was admitted


the above lady to our service .   zzzzz   is currently suffering from postnatal depression and suicidal ideation .   history of current problem   zzzzz   reported that she has been


she said the thoughts towards herself have been very bad over the last few months and has been having suicidal thought .   her thoughts towards her son are good and he is a protective factor .


formulation   zzzzz   is a 22 year old lady who is currently suffering from depression and suicidal ideation following the birth of her son jeremiah four months ago .   she has had thoughts


be completed and a full risk screen may need to be completed .   shelia is presenting with suicidal thoughts , she claims this can be quite regular and she can not explain why it happens but


try antidepressants if appropriate   • to use solidarity in crisis and go for walks to manage her suicidal thoughts .   • housing referrals to cot and crias   • also requested a letter


	 choose an item . 				   safeguarding , vulnerable adult or child protection concerns :   suicidal ideation , no immediate plan/ intent    	 yes 	 ? 		 no 	 ? 


feels able to keep herself safe .   no active self - harm thoughts or plans . fleeting suicidal ideation without plans . zzzzz   said that her children are her protective factor and that she


young woman poor social network , strained relationship with family , lack of friends untreated low mood , fleeting suicidal thoughts alcohol intake   protective factors : has children   able to seek help wants to


has felt “life is not worth living “. however despite occasional feeling of hopelessness , she denied history of suicidal attempts or self - harm . her sleep and appetite are affected .   she spoke at


explained that she started feeling low and tearful after her asylum claim was refused . however she denied feeling suicidal and never harmed herself . she has anaemia for which she takes iron supplement . she told me


her ongoing psychosocial difficulties ( housing situation , lack of social and emotional support ) . she denied feeling suicidal and having suicidal thoughts , plans or intent , however she admitted to having previously thought  


difficulties ( housing situation , lack of social and emotional support ) . she denied feeling suicidal and having suicidal thoughts , plans or intent , however she admitted to having previously thought    “what’s the


, but with ongoing episodes of low mood .   he had no thoughts of self harm or suicidal ideation at the time of discharge and no acute risks were identified to self or others . 


