recent deterioration in mental state appears to be the litigation she is involved , we are of the clear opinion that attending tomorrow’s court hearing will impact negatively on her mental health . we recommend for the situation


about yourself and about what has been troubling you , recently and in the past , so that an opinion can be formed about what might be the best way forward for you . it is also an


& adolescent psychiatrist   date of referral : 30/11/2012   reason for referral : assessment and second opinion regarding ongoing management of zzzzz ’s presentation ( including anxiety and aggressive behaviour ) , particularly in relation


a number of occasions .   	 reasons for referral   1 . for assessment and second opinion regarding ongoing management of zzzzz ’s current presentation , particularly in relation to pharmacological intervention .  


input from dr daryanani , consultant child & adolescent psychiatrist ( see medication history below ) and a second opinion was sought from cipprd in relation to zzzzz ’s medication regime , given the significant side effects resulting


about yourself and about what has been troubling you , recently and in the past , so that an opinion can be formed about what might be the best way forward for you . it is also an


and chronic poor sleep .   following discussion in our mdt team meeting we are of the same opinion and feel that there is currently no evidence to suggest the presence of any neurodegenerative process . 


drug addiction , although i am unsure of what her drug(s ) of choice is . it is our opinion that as she is not accessing support ( either with us at zzzzz or externally ) ) and


about yourself and about what has been troubling you , recently and in the past , so that an opinion can be formed about what might be the best way forward for you . it is also an


 is not as depressed .   - zzzzz   is not addicted to alcohol in her opinion .    - zzzzz   sometimes believes that she has done things or taken on


results of brain imaging from 04.01.16 shows an entirely normal brain scan .   impression : in my opinion ms zzzzz ’ mild memory problems is likely secondary to her affective state .   we would


