for connect education and does supply work for nurseries , this is occasional work on fridays only . the father of the twins is around however he is inconstant with support which has caused tension . the couple


see his children .   biographical background   ms zzzzz   mother is british and her father is caribbean , the family lived in the caribbean for period as a child but returned to uk


family history but reported that he came from a happy home in nigeria where he had a mother and father . he declined to comment on siblings . his mother passed away in 2015 which appears to have


   zzzzz   reports travelling to the uk in 2006 and soon after she met the father of her children dadua zzzzz .   zzzzz   has continued to have an unstable immigration


pregnant . she has no recourse to public funds due to immigration status and has recently moved into the father of her children 's accommodation which is a shared flat . they sleep in one room with shared


her current problems .   pregnancy zzzzz   said this pregnancy was unplanned and she met the father of the baby about a year ago .   she said he comes once in a while


2006 .     she reported she lost her mother in the war .   her father lives in germany and she speaks to him once in a while .   they don’t have


the children when zzzzz ’s mood is low .   the children do not have contact with their father ; zzzzz   said that she doesn’t currently know where he is . she does not receive


reports that this split was acrimonious and that her mother did not want her to have contact with her father . however , her mother also didn’t have contact with zzzzz   and she was raised by


in a hurtful way .   zzzzz   said that she does not have contact with her father , stating that he lives in germany with his family .   zzzzz   said that


uncle who told her “go and fight for your life”. she experienced traumatic events when growing up , her father , a businessman left when she was 6 . her mother was shot dead while working in a


to study a degree in health and wellbeing from january 2016 . she lived with her former partner ( father of her 1 month old son ) for 2 years in birmingham before fleeing domestic violence with her


second youngest child . all her siblings live in manchester . her parents live in northampton , although her father mainly stays in crawley due to work . her father works in banking and has his own business


. her parents live in northampton , although her father mainly stays in crawley due to work . her father works in banking and has his own business . her mother is a psychiatric nurse . zzzzz 


to feel contained .   she informed me that her daughter always wanted to know about her biological father and she feels this is what affected her .   we talked about her daughter going in


  haliya ( daughter ) attends nursery in west norwood partly paid for by the state and her father who was at this time no longer with zzzzz .   having to care for her daughter


and food vouchers which help her top have food for her daughter .   at this time haliya’s father was not keen to pay more that he was paying for her nursery place .   this


documents to support her immigration appeal .   with regards to money , we agreed that since haliya’s father pays for three days at the nursery , and the daily cost is the equivalent of what zzzzz


was made available to her mother to meet her needs .   there were initial problems as haliya’s father refused to agree with this plan but he is now very cooperative .   haliya’s father has


as haliya’s father refused to agree with this plan but he is now very cooperative .   haliya’s father has also returned to stay with zzzzz   and has been a supportive hand for zzzzz 


from monitoring her and her daughter under a child in need plan .   this is because her father is now residing with them and has been caring for haliya .   mat will continue to


her first daughter before she realised .   she said there are three men who are the potential father of her daughter and she needs to do a dna test in order to find out the biological


father of her daughter and she needs to do a dna test in order to find out the biological father .   she said with her second pregnancy she met with a somalian man under a year


with a somalian man under a year ago and his name is mohamed delaway , and he is the father of her unborn child .   she said her current partner is very supportive and is happy


  she was sexually abused and raped .   she became pregnant and is unsure of the father and she plans a dna test .   her daughter is 7 months old .  


