spent time understanding about the barriers at college , which because of your traumatic memories could make you feel anxious and panicky .   you noticed your heart beating faster and thoughts racing , and thought you


was happening was ‘qqqqq   real’ , you thought that this could be making you feel even more anxious because it caused you to worry even more that you were going crazy .   because of


 described ongoing low mood since the birth of her now 3 year old daughter . she described feeling anxious that the same thing would happen after the birth of her 4th child qqqqq . she reports ongoing


psychotic symptoms and suicidal ideation .     while under our care ms zzzzz   appeared anxious ; her facial expressions were reduced in range and mobility expressing mostly apprehension and amazement . there was


 presenting problem :       suicidal impulses and being very angry , becoming very anxious . the anger has been there since january but the suicidal impulses for about 5 years . he’s


not having means around him . if he has this thought and he can’t harm himself he gets very anxious , gets physically sick . he doesn’t feel he has anyone he can talk to at the moment


support around her anger . she feels that she is unable to control her anger and this makes her anxious and worried due to concerns of losing her work . her aunty is her employer and the boundaries


  personal mental health history    shelia has suffered from agoraphobia as a child after becoming anxious about leaving the house due to bullying . she was supported by camhs and described the talking therapies


and weigh up her own decisions .   mood :   subjectively she reports feeling low and anxious but this appears to be in the context of her social situation , but objectively her mood appeared


haughton has referred you for psychological therapy . she explained that you would like some help to feel less anxious .   could you come to see me to talk about this on :   tuesday


the news that she is not given indefinite leave to remain by the home office , she is feeling anxious and low in mood .    she mentioned that her eating and drinking has reduced .  


and expectations of pmh service ):  	 zzzzz   is low in mood , quite tearful and anxious about her baby . she is worried she is qqqqq   doing the best for him .


about his physical health . he talked about having “panic attacks” by which he means periods of feeling and anxious and occasional palpitations . these feelings pass after a few minutes . he told us a friend had


as an independent child and who is quite ‘cheeky and willful .   she spoke about feeling very anxious during her pregnancy with qqqqq   due to the loss of her second child and that she


  ms zzzzz   was referred by health visitor following reports of feeling low in mood , anxious and having a baby who is not sleeping much .    current difficulties   ms


 she described her as “always anxious”.   zzzzz ’s mother reported that when zzzzz   is anxious she experiences restlessness and is irritable and agitated .   zzzzz ’s mother described some of the


rituals .   zzzzz ’s mother reported that there are times when zzzzz   has been particularly anxious and has been selectively mute .   zzzzz ’s mother reported that if zzzzz   worried


 denying herself the exposure to new people and things .   zzzzz   is also reportedly anxious in relation to meeting new people or a lot of people , eating in front of others ,


call , which her mother informed us that she would not be able to do if she was significantly anxious .      in september 2015 , ms qqqqq -zzzzz   reported that zzzzz


generally coping well with this , however she did describe an incident in which zzzzz   had become anxious and left the classroom .   zzzzz   said that she was enjoying college , in


anxiety , especially affecting sleep and sporadic appetite patterns .   zzzzz   did not appear overtly anxious or withdrawn on today’s review .   speech was normal in rate , tone , volume and


.    zzzzz   stated she is not going out of the flat due to feeling anxious and that ' there is nothing for me out there ' .    at the home


now seeing our clinical psychologist and has been attending appointments with him regularly .   she still gets anxious at times and wishes to remain on the olanzapine 10 mg .    a major problem


aware of more despairing thoughts about the future . you also described being woken up in the night by anxious thoughts and dreams although you do n't always remember the content of these . there were a number


were trying to cope with your difficulties , some of these more helpful than others . when you feel anxious you often get caught up in trying to ‘get rid’ of anxiety but this often doesn’t work .


