  shares her room with the twins . her brother zion has multiple special needs but it doesn’t seem there is a formal diagnosis . ms zzzzz   explained she finds the living arrangements very stressful


she also wonders whether people can read her mind , as often they will say things   that seem to be in response to what she is thinking . when she hears them she is quite 


of qqqqq   and the involvement of social services .   ms zzzzz   did not seem concerned about the domestic violence she suffered from her ex - partner and stated that she feels sad


is well looked after as she ‘is beautiful and always clean’.   ms zzzzz   did not seem to understand the concept of emotional care that she daughter needs to feel contained .   she


his current risk level appears to be low in the context of him being symptom free . vulnerability doesn’t seem to be concern at present and he seems able to be assertive if people are asking him for


continues to spend most of the session playing away and independently of her mother . she has continued to seem more settled in her behaviour since december .   her emotions continue to be more regulated and


   he states that the dialogue is strained but “at least we are talking”   benefits seem to be in place . and has had input from welfare benefits co - ordinator , josephine letsome


- ordinator , josephine letsome - moten .      eating , sleeping and concentration , all seem to have improved .   continues to c / o of physical symptoms ie prostrate / liver


  zzzzz ’s mother told us that the current dose of the risperidone - orodispersible tablets did not seem to be adequate for zzzzz .   dr santosh therefore recommended modifying the dose of the risperidone


mood as ‘all over the place’ and ‘up and down’. she was frustrated that things in her life didn’t seem to go the way she wanted them to . she complained of ongoing insomnia .   


having an active social life . even when you attempted the things you used to enjoy , you didn’t seem to experience the same level of enjoyment as you had done previously . you told me you wanted


in between her depressive relapses , however i explored this further with her family today and this does not seem to be the case . they describe zzzzz   when well as ‘bubbly and talkative’ , however


.    assessment 10th august . mum and anne zzzzz   were 30 minutes late but seem unfazed . mum said she would wait in waiting room for anne zzzzz   while anne zzzzz


flat to be nearer to her daughter , rosemary in camberwell .   there did qqqqq   seem to be active plans around self - harm or suicidal ideation . unusual thoughts and perceptions : 


