with nightmares .   appetite :   she said she is comfort eating and has put on weight .   energy :   she said her energy varies depending on how she is feeling


child .   she is currently breast and bottle feeding him .   he is having his weight monitored at the baby clinic .   she started baby massage today and she will be going


    o / e height 165 cm   08 - sep-2017 o / e - weight 82.6 kg     o / e - weight 82.6 kg   08 - sep-2017


 08 - sep-2017 o / e - weight 82.6 kg     o / e - weight 82.6 kg   08 - sep-2017 o / e - pulse rate 80 bpm   


additional information  		 ( emis summary for gps )       height   weight   body mass index   blood pressure reading   cvd risk   physical activity


– diet controlled 	  	 	 breastfeeding 	 	 diabetic – insulin dependant 	  	 	 patient weight > 100 kg 	 	 diabetic - metformin 	  	 	 requires sedation 	 	 infection risk


too little .    capacity and consent understand information : yes retain information : yes able to weight up the information : yes communicate decision : yes outcome :   has capacity to consent 


the above changes and continue prescribing for the patient .    3 . gp kindly to monitor weight , bp , pr regularly and    fbc , glucose , lft , tft ,   


mass index 	 36.5 	 kg / m2 	  	 19 - jan-2016 	 o / e - weight 	 91 	 kg 	  	 02 - dec-2014 	 o / e - height 	 158


mass index 	 36.5 	 kg / m2 	  	 19 - jan-2016 	 o / e - weight 	 91 	 kg 	  	 17 - jun-2015 	 microbiology - ( fh ) - urine


of the foetus .    however , in the context of zzzzz 's poor eating and not gaining weight in pregnancy , we discussed the importance of her next scan which is a growth scan and is


of her difficulties .    appetite – she stated that she has low appetite and has lost weight and that some of her clothes are no longer fitting .   she will sometimes not eat


. at present she denies current thoughts , but has had previously . no concrete plans . she reports weight loss as eats less . she is also at risk of aimless wondering ( as seen previously in


	 bathboard is too short for the width of the bath and therefore is unstable , does not bear weight . client reports that this was provided for her bath in previous , temporary , accommodation  	


to her sister to help with the baby . she is breast feeding the baby and there is no weight loss on the baby . sister is worried she is depressed . she is not engaging and looking


. having discussed her case i note that ms zzzzz   has had long standing issues with her weight , a diagnosis of anorexia nervosa and more recently a significant weight loss of two stone resulting in


has had long standing issues with her weight , a diagnosis of anorexia nervosa and more recently a significant weight loss of two stone resulting in her current weight being six stone .    we have


a diagnosis of anorexia nervosa and more recently a significant weight loss of two stone resulting in her current weight being six stone .    we have some concerns that if ms zzzzz   bmi


at the maudsley hospital . this is because the evidence supports the fact that patients with very low body weight are unable to engage properly with therapy .    we would recommend that you first assess


that you first assess ms zzzzz ’s bmi which can be calculated by cross referencing her height by her weight for the overall figure . if her bmi is above 15 then please let us know and we


2 . to help manage zzzzz ’s aggressive behaviour     3 . concern regarding zzzzz ’s weight gain on the medication , risperidone .    developmental history   zzzzz ’s pregnancy was


examinations , the future , making and keeping friends , being bullied and teased , her own appearance and weight .   zzzzz   also constantly worries about her teeth and has excessive brushing rituals .


.     zzzzz ’s mother reported that zzzzz   had become very focused on her weight and this had increased since she had started taking risperidone medication .   she was reported to


this had increased since she had started taking risperidone medication .   she was reported to compare her weight to others and her mother removed the tags from clothing so that she did not know what size


the “wii fit” computer as she could .   mrs qqqqq -zzzzz   felt that the increased weight gain with risperidone had forced zzzzz   to eat and “masked” an eating disorder .  


