school as very supportive and also her psychologist qqqqq   qqqqq . zzzzz   states that her husband provides a small amount of financial support for food and necessities .   daily routine zzzzz 


to ssalt at this time , should her mental health deteriorate . i gave zzzzz   and her husband a crisis plan and her husband assured me that he would seek help if zzzzz   is


should her mental health deteriorate . i gave zzzzz   and her husband a crisis plan and her husband assured me that he would seek help if zzzzz   is becoming unwell . //ends  


low mood , sleep difficulties and hearing voices . this was triggered by the fact that she and her husband had been defrauded by a company purporting to sell plane tickets – they lost a significant sum of


contact ms zzzzz   for some weeks . however on the 21st august i got through to her husband who told me that the family are in uganda and planning to return to the uk in september


this has been difficult to arrange due to other appointments she has needed to attend for yunnus or for husband health . during our phone conversation she has recognised that she is “stuck” in her bereavement and struggling


on 19 march 2018 .   present   in the meeting were zzzzz   zzzzz , her husband akwasi , florence bristow , perinatal clinical psychologist , kathy siddle , perinatal specialist nurse , rebecca macleod


support needed for zzzzz   during this period .    zzzzz   informed us that her husband will be off work to support her for the first three weeks and also , that her mother


or two and also , on an as needed basis .    i discussed with her and her husband the support she will need postnatally and the care of the qqqqq   so that zzzzz 


 had requested we meet at lister health centre as she expressed concern about meeting with us whilst her husband was at home .   she also left her youngest child , qqqqq , with a friend


did not bring him to the assessment . current difficulties zzzzz   reported that her relationship with her husband has been deteriorating for the last two years and cited the trigger for this was him being in


sister to aids .     she came to the uk in october 2004 and met her husband a month after she arrived .   they moved in together in 2005 and later married in


  they moved in together in 2005 and later married in 2013 .   she described her husband as a quiet person who does not have many friends and she struggles to understand him so finds


for the elderly , three days a week ( mon , tues and sat ) .   her husband does not work and is currently providing the childcare . social circumstances they currently live in council property


not work and is currently providing the childcare . social circumstances they currently live in council property and her husband is in receipt of benefits .   he gives her money for shopping and bills when he


worship or chooses not to cover up in her dress .   however , she stated that her husband is also muslim and has commented that he thinks she should cover up more .   she


she is socially isolated .   she reported that she used to have some friends but that her husband ‘scared them away’ as he never made them feel welcome .   she has travelled back to


end of january due to this .   she spoke about this being a difficult time as her husband had left and she had to leave him on his own at the hospital overnight .  


that they spend a lot of time playing on the computer .    she spoke about her husband looking after the children when she is out working . her work hours are usually 2 - 8pm


is out working . her work hours are usually 2 - 8pm .   she stated that her husband sleeps all day and that she makes sure her youngest children are well fed before she leaves and


her pregnancy she spent most nights crying .   she also stated that she often has thoughts her husband might put a ‘bag over my head’ when asleep so finds it hard to relax to sleep energy


have to be strong for my kids’ however , she stated that at the end of january when her husband left and her son was ill in hospital she did have thoughts to try ending her and her


.   she spoke about trying to ‘get lost’ with the children as a way to hurt her husband as he would not know their whereabouts .   when exploring these thoughts she was vague about


/ drug misuse expectations from service user zzzzz   spoke about wanting to leave her relationship with her husband but does not know how to do this .   she also spoke about feeling isolated and


currently experiencing symptoms of depression and anxiety due to emotional and psychological impact of current relationship difficulties with her husband .   she reports experiencing low mood in her most recent pregnancy and post - natally but


