treated with losartan 20 mg od and a family history with his mother , but not cardiovascular disease or diabetes mellitus .   he said he is allergic to one anti - malaria and that he had


cannabis positive for your mental health and this is also likely to help improve your motivation to manage your diabetes and to keep your appointments more regularly for both your physical and your mental health difficulties . 


 medication she is not on any medication .   medical history she claimed that she had gestational diabetes and has not gone back since she had jeremiah as she is afraid she will be diagnosed with


diabetes and has not gone back since she had jeremiah as she is afraid she will be diagnosed with diabetes .   i have encouraged her to book an appointment with her gp for medical routine check


  cvd risk   physical activity   lifestyle advice / counselling given     diabetes                  


fumarate 210 mg once a day . she has had an oral glucose tolerance test to test for gestational diabetes which came back negative . her ultrasound scans have also always been normal to date , she will


  31 - oct-2013 schizophrenia : and recurrent depressive disorder   16 - oct-2013 at risk of diabetes mellitus   priority=1   11 - aug-2004 schizophrenic disorders and recurrent depressive disorder priority=1 - (


  lipids profile prolactin    ecg 1 . does the patient suffer from cardiovascular disease , diabetes , hypertension or dyslipidaemia or are you aware of any significant family history ? 2 . do you


intervention been offered for any of the following within the last 12 months :   cvs disease , diabetes , hypertension , dyslipidaemia , diet & exercise , smoking cessation , alcohol consumption or substance misuse ?


work .   no other physical health issues / concerns reported .   tested twice for gestational diabetes ; results were negative .    current psychiatric medication : nil .   zzzzz 


affective component contributing to his presentation . mr zzzzz   has previously been seen by dr calcia ( diabetes psychiatrist at kch ) and was diagnosed with post stroke depression in march 2019 . at this time


at this time he was started on agomelatine with a plan for him to be followed up in the diabetes psychiatry clinic at kch for monitoring , however , mr zzzzz   was not seen in clinic


helpful ) as opposed to increasing his dose of agomelatine . he expressed being happy to reengage with the diabetes psychiatry service , however , as his diabetes care is now at gstt he is unable to return


of agomelatine . he expressed being happy to reengage with the diabetes psychiatry service , however , as his diabetes care is now at gstt he is unable to return to see dr calcia at the kch diabetes


his diabetes care is now at gstt he is unable to return to see dr calcia at the kch diabetes psychiatry service and as far as i am aware there is not yet a psychiatrist within the diabetes


kch diabetes psychiatry service and as far as i am aware there is not yet a psychiatrist within the diabetes team at gstt . i have discussed mr zzzzz   with dr calcia and she raised the


done    11 - oct-2012 med3 issued to patient    18 - feb-2010 type 2 diabetes mellitus      significant past 24 - jan-2014 [ x]depression nos   28 -


28 - may-2018 diabetic monitoring   16 - aug-2018 no phq9 recorded   16 - aug-2018 offer diabetes uk information prescription   16 - aug-2018 bp = 118/83 - consider lowering   16 -


duloxetin was reducedto 60 couple of weeks ago.not taking medication regularly . not in a state to discuss her diabetes , areed to resume duloxetine at 90 and drop uinre for acr tomorrow morning and to talk to


to talk to her later on today and arange an appointment on friday to try to talk re her diabetes .         examination   o / e - blood pressure


41 mmol / mol   prediabetes     42 - 47 mmol / mol   diabetes           > = 48 mmol / mol  


      > = 48 mmol / mol   the diagnosis and monitoring of diabetes mellitus using hba1c is   dependent   on normal erythropoiesis , no genetic or chemically altered


( < 6.5 % )   the   person should be treated as at high risk of diabetes ( nice ph38 2012 ,   updated 2017 ) . 24 - jul-2018 ! hba1c level (


    4.0 - 5.9 %   prediabetes   6.0 - 6.4 %   diabetes          > = 6.5 %   the diagnosis and


        > = 6.5 %   the diagnosis and monitoring of diabetes mellitus using hba1c is   dependent   on normal erythropoiesis , no genetic or chemically altered


