kch a&e.   presenting complaint :     referral received from kch a&e , reportedly feeling depressed and mentioned having taken overdose of paracetamol ( 1 packet ) 3 days previously . she was found


overdose of paracetamol ( 1 packet ) 3 days previously . she was found to be tearful and visibly depressed by the las . she was taken to a&e for further assessment .   clinical progress :


03/07 in which he texted ( or someone texted from his phone ) to state that he was “too depressed to attend” the clinic .   on 21/07/19 lhtt called police who were able to confirm that


 i am referring zzzzz   for extra help with her parenting .   she is quite depressed and finds it difficult to cope with being the mother of three children ( including her youngest child


spontaneous and coherent . soft spoken . spoke with an american accent . mood : subjectively and objectively moderately depressed with on - going suicidal ideation . she had plans today to jump out of her window but


caribbean woman of nigerian origin who was referred to a&e on 14/10/15 by her gp because she was feeling depressed , hopeless , helpless , and wanted to end life because she said she can no longer cope


bad behaviour , and she said she did not know how to go about things and she was emotionally depressed .   she said she was still grieving for her aunt .     current


breast feeding the baby and there is no weight loss on the baby . sister is worried she is depressed . she is not engaging and looking down . denied harming self but saying she is fed up


 ( ( if yes )  	 x feeling hopeless    x feeling down x feeling depressed   x having little interest     x not feeling pleasure   	 psychiatric


live in also pursuing some college course but no immediate plan to undertake employment . he reports that feels depressed and describes this depression as feeling angry and at times thoughts of self - harm . he denied


, tearful at times during the assessment .   mood was subjectively ‘low’ , objectively mild to moderately depressed .   affect was reactive and mood congruent , nil psychotic .   in summary ms


she says her mood changes quickly ; when she feels happy it takes very little to make her feel depressed again . sometimes she feels ‘too happy’. low moods tend to persist longer than happy moods . describes


of ‘dismissing’ your distress and feeling like a burden to others seems to have increased your risk of becoming depressed as an adult .   you recalled an incident at work 20 years ago when you had


 	 emotional wellbeing in past month   ( ( if yes )  	 feels low and depressed   	 psychiatric medication ( include name , dose , date of last review and compliance )


              problem     depressed   ( review )              


to sleep in the evenings and spends all day in bed on some days insight- understands that she is depressed and is seeking support hopes- zzzzz   has hope for the future , especially with relatively new


father ) . ms zzzzz ’s current situation is exacerbating her low mood and depressive symptoms . she remains depressed and has been transferred to lambeth   a&t map team for longer term care .  


for your records :   presenting circumstances :   zzzzz   reported that he has been depressed for about 3 years , however over the past 12 months he feels that his mood has been


did say that he has previously been engaged with camhs during secondary school . he stated that he felt depressed during that time and also had some fleeting suicidal thoughts - no plans or intent .  


  said that he feels very low at the moment .    spoke about periods of depressed mood becoming more frequent and longer in their duration . used to be able to ' shake '


) services have been developed to provide talking therapies for anyone who is : feeling down , low or depressed , stressed or anxious , finding it hard to control worrying , anxious in social situations , panic


her sleep . no abnormal perceptions were elicited on this ward round , and sainabu apart from being objectively depressed , did not express any delusional thought content .    after a week on the ward


and tended to turn up unannounced but would always be seen . on his initial presentation he appeared severely depressed with psychomotor retardation . he was commenced on fluoxetine and at this last appointment was taking 40 mg


partner split up when she discovered she was pregnant .   this was when she started to feel depressed .   she said she has no identity in this country so she has not been able


a razor blade on her leg .   she also pushes the wall when she feels stressed or depressed .   she claimed that her baby is a protective factor and that she loves her baby


