she doesn’t sleep , stops eating , can’t concentrate , feels in terrible fear , and has thoughts of suicide . relapses are usually triggered by stressful events in her life and therefore there is an on -


be beneficial in sustaining her recovery journey .     	 risk history : self harm / suicide / domestic abuse :  	 worsening of her depression intrusive negative thoughts   poor dietary intake


as a protective factor current risk :    risk to self : currently , no thoughts of suicide or self - harm . past history of self - harming – slashed wrist . risk to others


and says he has attempted multiple times , sometimes just on impulse . he doesn’t have stages in between suicide attempts and normality– no self harm . he can be in bed   and think ‘this is


. he can be in bed   and think ‘this is it’ and get up to start a suicide               www.slam-iapt.nhs.uk/southwark   attempt


to kill himself . no current plans . when asked said he felt he was 5/10 likely to attempt suicide in the next month but no idea since the impulses just come out of nowhere .  


out of nowhere .      when asked if anything has ever successfully prevented him attempting suicide he stated not having means around him . if he has this thought and he can’t harm himself


fairly easy to stop drinking . before then he’d be drinking every day . he doesn’t think drinking preceeded suicide attempts – he’d drink after an attempt but not before .   no other drugs  


of her behaviours and this causes feelings of guilt and shame that result in self - harming behaviour and suicide ideation , although with the latter shelia has described how she goes for walks and listens to music


urgent and immediate risk management and stabilisation as she is concerned that shelia has been making plans to commit suicide by jumping of battersea bridge . concerns due to shelia having childhood mental health history and attempts to


by jumping of battersea bridge . concerns due to shelia having childhood mental health history and attempts to commit suicide .   shelia explained that she wants support around her anger . she feels that she is


would still like some support with her mental health .   	 risk history : self harm / suicide / domestic abuse : none known  	  	 professionals / agencies involved :  	 name


 please refer to keeping well post birth group .   	 risk history : self harm / suicide / domestic abuse :  	 no reported self - harm or suicidal thoughts .   	


as she looks like et .   zzzzz   denies current thoughts about self - harm or suicide , stated she had experienced this earlier today 06/08/18 and yesterday . stated she took an overdose of


surgery .   he was recently admitted informally to the maudsley hospital following a serious plan to commit suicide .   at the time of his admission , zzzzz   was homeless and had been


risks :    harm to self : she has denied any thoughts of harm to herself / suicide .    harm to others : she has not expressed any thoughts of harm to others


boy and is very well cared for and loved .   	 risk history : self harm / suicide / domestic abuse :  	 please see above .   	 professionals / agencies involved :


we have organised a mri , i have enclosed request letter which indicates rational .   history attempted suicide with paracetamol overdose and thoughts of homicide ( 10yo son ) after hearing voices .   attempted


suicide with paracetamol overdose and thoughts of homicide ( 10yo son ) after hearing voices .   attempted suicide with paracetamol overdose and thoughts of homicide ( 10yo son ) after hearing voices .   past


psychotic symptoms and his mood is improved .   he denies any thoughts of self - harm , suicide or homicide on discharge .   during his stay on the ward mr zzzzz   has


medication ) current and past alcohol or drug problems :   cannabis use current or past risk of suicide ( overdose , self harm , starvation , jumping from height etc ) : self - harm by


 she denied any current alcohol or illicit substance misuse .    current or past risk of suicide ( overdose , self - harm , starvation , jumping from height etc ): nil disclosed or reported


issues and/or any other information that you think is relevant :   risk = = = risk of suicide / dsh– moderate - fleeting suicidal thoughts but no urgent risks as deny immediate intentions . good protective


still considered yourself to be recovering from a severe episode of depression . this had resulted in a serious suicide attempt three years ago that had left you with life - changing injuries .   based your


concerns focused mainly on how colleagues and clients would react to your return and your physical appearance . your suicide attempt had had left you with visible scarring from the burns you suffered . although you tried to


