and financial situation .   biographical background   zzzzz   was born in nigeria and her parents divorced when she was 7 years old . she described growing up in extreme poverty with her 3


work as a street seller then went onto work as a waitress at functions .   zzzzz ’s parents died 5 and 6 years ago in nigeria due to illnesses .    zzzzz  


partner in the uk , dadua is also nigerian . dadua works as a cleaner .   the parents separated in 2014 but have since continued to co - parent and gone on to have a 4th


  describes having little support except for through her childrens school where she has friends who are fellow parents . she describes the headteacher at school as very supportive and also her psychologist qqqqq   qqqqq


lead community practitioner : valentine nweze   adult mental qqqqq   in children’s centres – working with parents of children age 0 - 6            


service , 1st place children centre and unicorn theatre with crèche available to promote mental wellbeing and storytelling for parents experiencing mental health difficulties and young children . ms zzzzz   zzzzz   was agreeable to


in ghana . there are 5 children in total with zzzzz   being the second youngest . her parents separated when she was a child , zzzzz   reports that this split was acrimonious and that


unknown allergies .   family history : no official diagnosis in the family of depression but feels her parents do have some traits . she reported her younger sister also has low mood with suicidal ideation .


1 younger sister . she is the second youngest child . all her siblings live in manchester . her parents live in northampton , although her father mainly stays in crawley due to work . her father works


other   countries .      adult mental health in children’s centres – working with parents of children age 0 - 6            


duty and assessment team manager : teresa coyne   adult mental health in children’s centres – working with parents of children age 0 - 6            


age 16 for which she was admitted voluntarily ( although said she was pressurised into the admission by her parents ) to a mental health hospital in belize for 3 weeks .   started sertraline ( zoloft


sertraline ( zoloft ) age 15 and imipramine . stopped taking these on moving to the uk under her parents advice .   further course of sertraline since moving to the uk but felt tired and groggy


there .   she expressed feeling proud of her oldest son as he is very responsible and other parents have commented on what a good role model he is to other children . her 4yr old ,


you described growing up in a home where there was a lot of verbal and physical conflict between your parents , you experienced physical and sexual abuse , bullying and neglect as a child and understandably you now


the uk . she has siblings in sierra leone but is not regularly in touch with them . her parents are alive and live in sierra leone .   social circumstances   zzzzz   used


brought up in nigeria .   she came to the uk many years ago .   her parents have passed away .   she has 12 siblings in nigeria and they call her regularly to


zzzzz    se15 5lj www.slam.nhs.uk    adult mental health in children’s centres – working with parents of children age 0 - 6            


family and social history    zzzzz   was born the youngest of two children . his parents separated when he was 3 years old which according to his mother impacted on zzzzz . his mother


plan ?  	 baby boy 	 okoko ingoba 	 m  	 15/08/18 	 at home  	 parents 	 no – early help  	 	 	 	 	 	 	  	 	 	 	


            community borough leader    dear parents of jayden ,   21/05/            


. she had person centred therapy in 2009 . personal history :   described childhood as normal . parents separated when she was young . good relationship with both , particularly mother whom she relies upon for


of their own development / any needs they have           parents and carers   basic care , ensuring safety and protection ; emotional warmth and stability ; guidance


has been reluctant for information to be shared but would benefit from health visiting or alternative support for new parents . i have encouraged her to attend children focused activities in her local area to meet other new


referral form should be completed with as much relevant information as possible . in most child protection cases , parents should be informed that a referral is being made and what the concerns are about the child .


