difficulties   zzzzz   described ongoing low mood since the birth of her now 3 year old daughter . she described feeling anxious that the same thing would happen after the birth of her 4th child


not been able to attend our therapeutic parent and toddler group in qqqqq   since march as her daughter qqqqq   had speech and language therapy on the same day .   we were expecting


adults in the household :  	 name 	 relationship 	 d.o.b./edd  	 kyla   mainoo 	 daughter 	 qqqqq   	 	 	  	 	 	  	 	 	  	 	


and he has not had any re - emergence of symptoms .   he feels connected with his daughter and son and feels content overall that he can manage and seek support if necessary . he also


has a good rapport .   in fact his main role at present is as carer for his daughter and he has agreed to speak to the daughter 's team to have access to carer 's assessment


his main role at present is as carer for his daughter and he has agreed to speak to the daughter 's team to have access to carer 's assessment .    mental state he seemed stable


understood that it was good to talk about it .   for example , the care of his daughter , but also his accommodation .   there were no overt symptoms of pervasive depression , anxiety


  recovery plan    his defined goals are to be a good carer so that his daughter can get better , to try to meet his needs and bear them in mind .  


interested at present , she is currently attending stay and play sessions at ann bernadt children’s centre and her daughter has recently secured a 2yr nursery placement at their nursery .   our team works with families


of her mother’s whilst this was happening . social services tried to resolve the case by bringing mother and daughter back together ; however zzzzz   said that she refused to return home to her mother as


 	 additional needs 	 none 	 none 	 	  	 relationship to   main carer 	 daughter 	 son 	 son 	  	 relationship to other   carer ( if applicable ) 


difficulties managing the behaviour of her elder son and i think that a lot of responsibility falls on her daughter .   zzzzz   was previously under the care of eleonor acquah of the family resilience


:  	 name 	 relationship 	 d.o.b./edd  	 qqqqq   qqqqq   qqqqq  	 daughter 	 qqqqq   	 qqqqq   qqqqq  	 daughter 	 qqqqq   	 qqqqq


 qqqqq   qqqqq  	 daughter 	 qqqqq   	 qqqqq   qqqqq  	 daughter 	 qqqqq   	 qqqqq   qqqqq  	 daughter 	 qqqqq   	 	


	 qqqqq   qqqqq  	 daughter 	 qqqqq   	 qqqqq   qqqqq  	 daughter 	 qqqqq   	 	 	  	 	 	  	 	 	   	


sakai .   the main concerns reported were low mood , suicidal ideation and child protection concerns around daughter qqqqq   who is 9 years old .   the latter is under camhs and has


, on the 14th of march at 1 pm , based on ms zzzzz ’s statement she made to daughter care coordinator stipulating that she was going to end her life by taking an overdose .  


and hence myself and my colleague chris sarfo met with ms zzzzz .   she spoke about her daughter mostly during this review expressing her frustrations and lack of understandings from her side .   she


this review expressing her frustrations and lack of understandings from her side .   she stated that her daughter has suffered ‘issues’ from the age of 2 and the health visitor saw this when qqqqq  


visitor saw this when qqqqq   slapped the health visitor then .   she reported that her daughter has challenging and behavioural issues .   she spoke about her ex - partner and that she


.   ms zzzzz   then informed us that she has signed the section 20 and her daughter will be placed in care within two weeks .   in terms of her mental state ,


bizarre behaviour .   she was well presented , able to care for herself and supports her older daughter sharde .   she spoke about how she now feels able to look after herself and that


and planning to go back to voluntary work she used to do .   when asked about her daughter she stated that she believes her daughter is well looked after as she ‘is beautiful and always clean’.


work she used to do .   when asked about her daughter she stated that she believes her daughter is well looked after as she ‘is beautiful and always clean’.   ms zzzzz   did


clean’.   ms zzzzz   did not seem to understand the concept of emotional care that she daughter needs to feel contained .   she informed me that her daughter always wanted to know about


