	 referral date : 	 22/05/2019   	 discharge date : 	 24/07/19  	 diagnosis : 	 paranoid psychosis  	 medication on discharge : 	 olanzapine 15 mg   pregabalin fluoxetine 20 mg 


admission and ect in 2009 , 2010 and 2011 . previously noted to have psychotic features including religious , paranoid delusions and visual and auditory hallucinations . he has been treated in the past with risperidone 2 mg


. denies any thought interference / withdrawal / broadcasting . denies any abnormal sensory experiences , but has intrusive paranoid thoughts . thinks that she can sometimes hear people whispering and talking about her .   also


deterioration in her mental health . zzzzz   said that she found working very stressful and would feel paranoid and as though people were looking at her . this would then result in her feeling angry and


: zzzzz zzzzz zzzzz   zzzzz           diagnosis : paranoid schizophrenia           medication : olanzapine 12.5 mg po od


and guidance of her previous mental health team . as you are aware she has a past history of paranoid schizophrenia . she continues to take fluoxetine 40 mg daily . she is not doing well currently ;


aug-2004 schizophrenic disorders and recurrent depressive disorder priority=1 - ( combined with schizophrenia )   30 - jun-1998 paranoid schizophrenia : letter scanned from maudsley hospital   20 - dec-1996 sickle - cell trait  


‘i don’t want to show them how i am feeling’   thoughts / paranoia - no psychotic or paranoid thoughts   dsh -   she stated that has had fleeting suicidal thoughts but no plans


she lives called an ambulance ) , son reported deterioration for the last week whereby she has become increasingly paranoid and suspicious . reported that she had stopped taking her psychotropic medication ( aripiprazole and sertraline ) in


discussed reducing alcohol intake .   impression :   zzzzz   reports a return of some paranoid beliefs . these appear to be secondary to noise in and around her house , and not primary


   zzzzz zzzzz zzzzz   zzzzz     diagnosis :     paranoid psychosis     current medication : olanzapine 10 mg daily     cpa status


problems / needs / risks :    1 . episode of depression with anxiety mild psychosis with paranoid following birth of second child qqqqq   in 2013 when she was 5 months old . admitted


reported that recently when zzzzz   has relapsed that she has also been expressing psychotic thoughts , particularly paranoid thoughts about others , which were also reported during her recent a&e admission . qqqqq   has


a degree that she was brought in st thomas’ a&e by las . it was reported that she was paranoid , accusing her husband of putting gas in the flat and subsequently putting their children at risk .


flat and subsequently putting their children at risk . it is noted that during previous mbu admission , sainabu’s paranoid ideas were very much centered on her husband , qqqqq   zzzzz . earlier that day ,


signs · reduced sleep and appetite · irritability · withdrawn mood   late signs · smelling things · paranoid thoughts about husband · low insight into mental ill health     relapse triggers  


 zzzzz   was referred on 17/01/19 by her gp to the lwn hub due to exhibiting increasingly paranoid behaviour over the past several months , as reported by staff at kch dialysis unit . she has


discussed the concerns with zzzzz   and she reportedly said ' section me - i admit i 'm paranoid / everyone knows that i am hearing things’ which they said they had not expected her to say


in 2008 she had a kidney transplant , following which she demonstrated similar symptoms as above , was expressing paranoid ideas , and reported wanting her transplanted kidney removed so it would ‘stop the racism’. she was seen


mental state and i am concerned that without intervention she will again refuse essential renal dialysis because of her paranoid and persecutory ideas . psychological medicine & integrated care clinical academic group ( zzzzz )   


