functions highly and is able to complete her studies . however , when unwell she doesn’t sleep , stops eating , can’t concentrate , feels in terrible fear , and has thoughts of suicide . relapses are usually


be coming "   appetite -"ok ... it 's not been bad . sometimes i find i 'm eating late . "   concentration -"i have difficulty concentrating because i think about other things that need


not able to independently prepare meals particularly on days when she is feeling low in mood .   eating and drinking –zzzzz   is not able to eat and drink when unwell    (


her sleep has been poor with nightmares .   appetite :   she said she is comfort eating and has put on weight .   energy :   she said her energy varies depending


her sleep . we started with doing   some sleep hygiene , for instance avoiding watching tv or eating in bed , making sure she has   something to get up for ( such as making


the home office , she is feeling anxious and low in mood .    she mentioned that her eating and drinking has reduced .    she said her children have been granted indefinite leave to remain


discussed how you were struggling at the moment ; how you have a small appetite which we discussed healthy eating and how this can affect mood . we spoke about your struggles with sleep and how your mood


yet about the growth of the foetus .    however , in the context of zzzzz 's poor eating and not gaining weight in pregnancy , we discussed the importance of her next scan which is a


concern during her pregnancy ; she has been having consistently only one meal a day and was in addition eating a toast occasionally , but otherwise would go without eating for the remaining of the day .  


only one meal a day and was in addition eating a toast occasionally , but otherwise would go without eating for the remaining of the day .   she also has been having cravings for ice cubes .


appointment , zzzzz   noted that in addition to the one meal at night , she has been eating a bit more during the day and included fruits . today , zzzzz   again clarified that


been invited anywhere for a while .   she reports her appetite is slightly decreased but she is eating ok .   twice this week she got up at midnight and could not get back to


bmi is below 15 then the recommendation would be for her to be referred and treated firstly by the eating disorders service based at the maudsley hospital . this is because the evidence supports the fact that patients


has had input from welfare benefits co - ordinator , josephine letsome - moten .      eating , sleeping and concentration , all seem to have improved .   continues to c / o


presenting circumstances :   presents with low mood , loss of appetite and difficulty sleeping . reports only eating a banana and drinking a cup of tea daily , which is a change from her usual comfort


eating a banana and drinking a cup of tea daily , which is a change from her usual comfort eating . she struggles to get 8 hours sleep a night , finding it particularly difficult to get to


zzzzz   is also reportedly anxious in relation to meeting new people or a lot of people , eating in front of others , speaking in class and reading aloud in front of others .  


.   zzzzz ’s mother reported that zzzzz   also has a particular ritual in relation to eating her food and will eat particular foods on certain days of the week .    other


during the day but was still at night .   no encopresis was reported .   restricted eating .     zzzzz ’s mother reported that zzzzz   had become very focused on


 felt that the increased weight gain with risperidone had forced zzzzz   to eat and “masked” an eating disorder .   no medical complications were reported to have occurred from restricted eating .  


eat and “masked” an eating disorder .   no medical complications were reported to have occurred from restricted eating .      past psychiatric history zzzzz   was referred to camhs by a


disorders .   it was identified that social situations and unpredictable situations were triggers to anxiety and restrictive eating at school were due to high levels of anxiety .   zzzzz ’s mother also received input


  experiences long periods of persistent low mood , and periods of mixed anxiety state , and disordered eating   issues , which affect her ability to function .   she has further experienced chronic


she has asthma and eczema , but no other allergies . she seems to have an irregular pattern of eating , in line with her irregular pattern of sleeping , and influenced by her cannabis use . at


terms of formal practise ( mindfulness of the breath exercise ) and also doing a daily activity mindfully ( eating , brushing teeth ) .   i introduced you to the headspace app which you began to


