and i have summarised our conversations about these areas below :   1 ) to have a better sleep pattern and be able to go to bed earlier .    you told me that you


be able to go to bed earlier .    you told me that you often went to sleep very late ( between 3 - 4am , sometimes even later ) having spent hours in bed on


you were late for college .    we set a number of goals to help shift your sleep pattern which included :   · qqqqq   taking the nap in the evening or afternoons


found turning down the phone brightness and qqqqq   napping meant that it was easier to get to sleep , which also had a positive impact on getting to college .   when we spoke more


you said that because of the house move it had been hard to stick to the plan for your sleep and it sounded like things had got more difficult .   i hope you have found similar


like things had got more difficult .   i hope you have found similar success in addressing your sleep difficulties now that you have resolved to try again .    2 ) to attend college


college were 70 % due to your anxiety about going through the barriers , 20 % due to your sleep pattern and 10 % due to motivation .    we spent time understanding about the barriers


even though this was difficult . we also discussed that there could be a positive cycle of improving your sleep helping your college attendance which in turn would leave you more tired in the evening and improve your


sleep helping your college attendance which in turn would leave you more tired in the evening and improve your sleep even more .   it sounded like you had a really helpful discussion with your tutor about


agreed that we would focus on working on the first two goals directly , hoping that improvements in your sleep and routine would have a positive impact on your mood .   it sounded when we spoke


they can still , understandably , be very distressing for you .   finally , it sounds like sleep can still be very difficult for you , that you’re finding it hard to get to sleep at


sounds like sleep can still be very difficult for you , that you’re finding it hard to get to sleep at night , sleep late in the morning and often nap during the day .   despite


still be very difficult for you , that you’re finding it hard to get to sleep at night , sleep late in the morning and often nap during the day .   despite all of this ,


when well she functions highly and is able to complete her studies . however , when unwell she doesn’t sleep , stops eating , can’t concentrate , feels in terrible fear , and has thoughts of suicide .


this year , didn’t react well to it shook for about 3mths .   mental state   sleep is poor , 5 hrs broken sleep during the night described herself as ‘tired all the time’. has


it shook for about 3mths .   mental state   sleep is poor , 5 hrs broken sleep during the night described herself as ‘tired all the time’. has no problem getting to sleep . 


5 hrs broken sleep during the night described herself as ‘tired all the time’. has no problem getting to sleep .   appetite is poor , sporadically eats is trying to improve this .   


sleeping baby throughout .   mood - subjectively rated her mood as “3 out of 10”   sleep – described having difficulty sleeping as she wakes often due to racing thougths . appetite – ‘up and


and has recently moved into the father of her children 's accommodation which is a shared flat . they sleep in one room with shared bathroom , kitchen and living room . she briefly described childhood abuse which


from anhedonia .    she has been self - isolating , is socially withdrawn and also experiences poor sleep and exhausted especially in the post natal period . zzzzz   continues to struggle with soothing qqqqq


. presenting complaint :     zzzzz   had been suffering with low mood , poor sleep and appetite for a few weeks .   he had been off work for some time following


squalor . clinical progress :    initially seen once a day by home treatment team . his sleep , mood and anxiety remained poor . stated he feels better when talks to health professionals / social


harm , tearfulness , ruminating about her current situation , becoming increasingly socially withdrawn , poor concentration and poor sleep .   zzzzz   has been open when talking about her recent episodes of low mood


she is in the final month of a psychology degree at south bank university ) -she is going to sleep between 2 - 4am because she is staying up studying for final essays and exams . she has


she has no thoughts of self - harm and her mood is " not bad " . however her sleep appears to be minimal at the moment and this is a potentially vulnerable time for her because she


