thing would happen after the birth of her 4th child qqqqq . she reports ongoing life stressors regarding her immigration , housing and financial situation .   biographical background   zzzzz   was born in


the father of her children dadua zzzzz .   zzzzz   has continued to have an unstable immigration status and has had to parent her children without recourse to public funds or employment .  


citalopram when she realised she was 19 weeks pregnant . she has no recourse to public funds due to immigration status and has recently moved into the father of her children 's accommodation which is a shared flat


currently .   she has had sporadic contact with secondary mental health services since she was informed her immigration status was under review in 2016 . it is my understanding that the stress and anxiety relating to


status was under review in 2016 . it is my understanding that the stress and anxiety relating to her immigration status is a major factor in how she has developed this condition .   she does have


, although not severe , illness .   this is likely to continue while the uncertainty about her immigration status remains .   there are other factors that may be more important in considering her case


managed appropriately within primary care .   however , that may change if there are changes in her immigration case .   yours sincerely ,   christine gray ( senior community practitioner , rmn )


 30 months limited leave to remain under paragraphs d - clrpi.2 of appendix fm to the   immigration rules , as we ate satisfied that you meet the requirements of paragraphs r- ltrpi.i ( a )


for , you ma y     be eligible for a partial zcind   of an immigration health surhaige payment made in relation to this application .   for anther information please see the


need to apply ,   for * work    public funds    under the immigration rules , you are not entitled to receive public funds to help mccc   your living and


on your behalf . the term " public funds " is defined   in paragraph 6 of the immigration rules .   information on the list of public fund , which you are not allowed to


slay . breaching the conditions of your stay is a criminal offence under section 24 of   the immigration act 1971 . this may result in your prosecution   for that offence and/or   curtailment


cxpity of your   current leave . please note you must continue to meet the requirements of the immigration   rules , including at the time of all future applications . if you meet the criteria


at the time of all future applications . if you meet the criteria set out in the   immigration rules , you will be given a further period of leave of 30 months .   following


at least ten years   ( 120 months ) , and subject to meeting the requirements of the immigration rules at the   time , you may be eligible to apply for indefinite leave to remain


assistance from an inunignilon advisor , however this is not mandatory ,   and choosing to use an immigration representative would be at your expense . l(you do   choose to appoint an advisor they must


expense . l(you do   choose to appoint an advisor they must be registered with the office of immigration   services commissioner ( oisc ) or be a qualified solicitor registered with the law society -


yours sincerely .    02   amanda cheney   clsi9   uk visas and immigration    race   1 passport   3 131xth certificates   supporting document 


alcohol consumption and her anger   current social circumstances include : accommodation , employment , financial circumstances , immigration status , social network & current social contact , caring responsibilities & activities of daily living . 


 her daughter also told me that her mum 's symptoms deteriorated since she received the news about the immigration status .    she said that she does not feel that her mum is a risk to


     she mentioned about the letter from her solicitor about her mental illness and relation to immigration and requested that letter to be responded . i informed her that i will respond to that letter


answers to issues of concern to her such as who would provide reports and collate documents to support her immigration appeal .   with regards to money , we agreed that since haliya’s father pays for three


by him .   she said she was emotionally angry , isolated for some time and also her immigration status was another contributing factor .   she said that her aunt failed to apply for her


mental health and leading to deterioration in her presentation .   she spoke about her on - going immigration issues , her young children and her mental health she has been having an increase in negative and


  yes       formcheckbox    no 	 country of origin / immigration status 	         details of any special requirements for the child


