our team by dr. maissi , talking therapies southwark due to concerns that zzzzz   had expressed some suicidal ideation .   zzzzz   was referred to tts by rhodie thomas from the parental mental


present . - no current thoughts of harm to self or others / children .   - no suicidal thoughts . zzzzz   cited her children as a protective factor . alcohol / drug use no


 	 brief risk screen  	  risk to self : no previous history of self harm or suicidal behaviour .   presents with negative thoughts – “wanting to sleep , not wake up” to escape


negative thoughts – “wanting to sleep , not wake up” to escape her emotional and physical pain . fleeting suicidal thoughts in last week but dismissed these , did not dwell on them as did n't ant children


as did n't ant children to grow up knowing she had killed herself .   no current active suicidal ideation or ideation around self harm .   risk to others : arrested for stabbing her ex


presents with moderate depression with low mood , poor sleep and appetite , negative thinking , hopelessness and fleeting suicidal thinking in the past week , although there is no active suicidal ideation .   in recent


, negative thinking , hopelessness and fleeting suicidal thinking in the past week , although there is no active suicidal ideation .   in recent weeks and months , she gave birth in april to a surrogate


	 impression : zzzzz   is a 21 year old male with a moderate depressive disorder with recurrent suicidal thoughts . he currently denied any suicidal thoughts or plans to harm self or others . he is


a 21 year old male with a moderate depressive disorder with recurrent suicidal thoughts . he currently denied any suicidal thoughts or plans to harm self or others . he is drinking 3/4 cans of beer a day


door for us .   reason for referral : gp referral as follows “this young man presents with suicidal thoughts . he feels his life is not worth living although no active suicidal plans . he is


“this young man presents with suicidal thoughts . he feels his life is not worth living although no active suicidal plans . he is withdrawing socially and his mother is extremely worried about him . he has previously


  risk : zzzzz   is a 21 year old man with depression . he has expressed suicidal thoughts in the past but currently has no plan to harm self or others .   alcohol


being able to live independently away from his father . this meant that he had been able to resist suicidal thoughts . however , now his job was under threat there was a possibility that he might have


, who in turn called las . zzzzz   went on to say that he has been having suicidal thoughts for the past one month , however had not tried to act on these thoughts as he


. zzzzz   then informed the assessing psychiatric liaison nurse ( pln ) that he continued to feel suicidal and reported that if he were to leave hospital he would go and research which " stronger medication


he completed a course of cbt with this service . however they were concerned that he continued to express suicidal ideation ( most frequently precipitated by family conflict ) and referred him to south southwark assessment and liaison


explained that he wishes overdose had been successful as this would have resolved all of his problems . describes suicidal ideation over the past one month . presently reports onging suicidal ideation with intent and plan . informed


have resolved all of his problems . describes suicidal ideation over the past one month . presently reports onging suicidal ideation with intent and plan . informed me that if he were to return home he would research


accommodation and he was thinking a lot about his ex - partner . he said that he still felt suicidal and regretted that the suicide attempt did not work . however he also said that he might feel


he reported feeling that he was glad that the overdose was not successful and that he no longer felt suicidal . he reflected on these events a few days later . he reported feeling very low on the


% of him wanted to die and 15 % of him wanted live . he felt that factors triggering suicidal thoughts were accommodation issues , relationship break up and financial issues . positive thoughts were around his work


that he would reach out to his ex - partner ( who is still supportive ) if he felt suicidal .    zzzzz   was reviewed in ward round by dr harland on 18th june


the hpu and explore options with them and if he was not happy with what was offered and felt suicidal he could return to the ward and we would re - review his options . zzzzz  


helplessness . this led to him feeling very hopeless about his future and unable to manage which precipitated his suicidal thoughts and feelings .    discharge medication   citalopram pop 40 mg od omeprazole po


a bandage from self - harm . depressed ,     subdued and melancholic . not actively suicidal or psychotic . orientated and has insight .          


