health visitor lauren mckeown as zzzzz   has a history of post natal depression and feels that her mood is currently low . she is keen to seek support to avoid her mental state deteriorating , and


, and had to have a scan . this is impacting upon her sleep and increasing anxiety and low mood .   - zzzzz   also reports experiencing post natal depression with her previous two children


zzzzz   also reports experiencing post natal depression with her previous two children , and worries that her mood will deteriorate further if she doesn’t seek appropriate help .    zzzzz   reports that


and sister who are both doctors living in america .    she reports a history of low mood in the past , and post natal depressions after the birth of her two older children . 


and jewellery . zzzzz   was very warm and welcoming rapport very easily established .    mood : zzzzz   reports she is happy with her family and her children . but on a


husband , although will take herself off of for coffee or for a walk to calm down . reports mood has been low since bus accident , however has suffered with post natal depression in the past .


  to attend creative families 10 week programme at 1st place children centre , to help support low mood , reduce isolation and strengthen relationship with child . 	 felicia and rhodie     


an appointment with the midwife yesterday as she was there .    she reports feeling low in mood but states this low feeling only relates to her housing situation . she does not appear overly depressed


   at booking reported living with a friend / relative .   at booking reported low mood .     section 5   additional family details  	 first language 	 english


unsuitable sleeping conditions . inadequate provision of sterilising equipment for safe preparation of milk .   mums low mood . babies are medically high risk as born premature at 35 + 3 unplanned home birth . 


twice . he has shown care and concern for both his partner and children . mum is low in mood . she has felt like this from pregnancy and it often keeps her awake at night worrying about


low income and overcrowded , cramped living conditions . this has contributed significantly to mum’s mental health and low mood . the twins are at risk of sids . the isolation of the family may affect the children’s


has struggled with depression for many years , but receiving the recent letter appears to have exacerbated her low mood .   she was unable to assure her personal safety and reported hearing a voice telling her


should lead to her being given “leave to remain”.   qqqqq   also advised that zzzzz ’s mood is always very up and down and the recent stressors from the home office letters appears to have


primary carer for 3 dependant children with chronic back pain and poor mobility . no respite . - low mood .    presenting circumstances : zzzzz   suffered traumatic birth delivery at king’s college hospital


  said her medication does have a sedative affect . normal , tone and volume .   mood subjectively : zzzzz   expressed feeling tearful and withdrawn when she is low in mood . she


.   mood subjectively : zzzzz   expressed feeling tearful and withdrawn when she is low in mood . she said she often feels guilty and depressed when she couldn’t celebrate her daughter’s birthday as it


objectively : zzzzz   appeared tearful when talking about difficult issues . she was animated and brighter in mood when talking about her children and support network . she said she finds going to church helps her


children and support network . she said she finds going to church helps her when she feels low in mood .   appetite : reported poor appetite , she will eat breakfast when she makes porridge for


old friend and is hopefully of maintaining some friendships from the keeping well post birth group .   mood – ‘difficult to describe’ , though spoke of a possible depersonalisation experience of ‘observing herself battling with herself’.


for stabbing her ex - partner ( and father of her children ) with a sword . described deteriorating mood in last week on background of depressive symptoms since april . increasingly desperate and unable to cope with


.   unstable mental state : very emotional at present . prior to arrest , some irritability but mood predominantly low and flat with no clear sense of emotional lability . some increasing acopia and seeking avoidance


  she has been very emotional in custody and on assessment she presents with moderate depression with low mood , poor sleep and appetite , negative thinking , hopelessness and fleeting suicidal thinking in the past week


, she gave birth in april to a surrogate child and this appears to coincide with changes in her mood . her benefits have been cut as she has been deemed fit for work and she has struggled


and that this limits his ability to have a social or recreational life . he finds this causes low mood and makes him frustrated and irritable . he is broadly anhedonic , deriving just some pleasure from walking


