a single room within a small flat .   zzzzz   is sharing her bed with her partner and newborn twins . she has no suitable cot or moses basket for the twins and states that


space was too small and the lack of adequate sleeping areas was not appropriate .    her partner did not engage very well with me and did not seem concerned when i was telling her that


information :    people present at assessment  	 hermione , zzzzz , all her children and partner .   as above without hermione    reason for assessment  	 routine post natal


married but appear supportive and help each other with the children when able .  	 needs  	 partner seemed disinterested . works long hours . partner is a night time cleaner . i have met him


with the children when able .  	 needs  	 partner seemed disinterested . works long hours . partner is a night time cleaner . i have met him twice . he has shown care and concern


night time cleaner . i have met him twice . he has shown care and concern for both his partner and children . mum is low in mood . she has felt like this from pregnancy and it


talk to the council ( unsure how recently ) .   midiwives have stressed to mum ( with partner present ) the importance of getting a cot / moses basket for the babies to sleep in .


  yesterday she was very distressed at the children’s centre , following an argument with her ex - partner . it was also the last session of the group . her elder daughter witnessed this and became


her mother which she found supportive .   she has a difficult relationship related to her ex - partner describing him as inconsistent towards financial support and contact . she has approached csa for assistance . 


ideation or ideation around self harm .   risk to others : arrested for stabbing her ex - partner ( and father of her children ) with a sword . described deteriorating mood in last week on


since april . increasingly desperate and unable to cope with severe financial hardship and lack of financial support from partner .   can not explain why she was awake and leaving the house in the lead up


and unable to discuss with investigating officer to clarify allegations , however she did say that her ex - partner has made a statement that does not reflect what happened and makes her out in a negative light


to other agencies .  	  assessment conducted at lewisham police station following her arrest for stabbing her partner with a sword .   she has been very emotional in custody and on assessment she presents


done something stupid , but it 's not your fault " . he said he called his ex - partner ‘just to tell him’ rather than to get help . his aunt called and told him to induce


assessment and liaison team .   in october 2014 zzzzz   presented to a&e after his then partner of 6 months ( callum ) called an ambulance with concerns about his mental health . zzzzz 


orientation and it is a cause of a lot of tension . zzzzz   has had a stable partner for around 6 months ( callum ) . however callum broke up with zzzzz   two months


he was extremely worried about his lack of accommodation and he was thinking a lot about his ex - partner . he said that he still felt suicidal and regretted that the suicide attempt did not work .


not to be admitted to hospital in the future and that he would reach out to his ex - partner ( who is still supportive ) if he felt suicidal .    zzzzz   was


october 2014 took a knife and threatened to slit his neck and wrists in context of family argument , partner present and removed knife · 13th may 2015 took impulsive od of citalopram tablets with red wine ,


removed knife · 13th may 2015 took impulsive od of citalopram tablets with red wine , called ex - partner · 21st may 2015 attempted to strangle himself twice whilst an inpatient with his hoodie cord , disclosed


accepting of this which he feels both angry and depressed . his feelings of rejection were heightened when his partner ended their relationship and it was no longer possible for either of his parents to offer him a


looking after her grandchild . she has had no contact with the father of her children / ex - partner . she feels better for this also . her children express that they miss their father and she


   parental responsibility n   partner’s / family members / carers details :   does partner have parental responsibility ?   yes    ?   no   ? and


y housing     ? financial     ? family     ? partner     ? domestic violence     ? occupation     ?


