that her family were wealthy and she had a very good , comfortable upbringing . she states that her father in now is prison for political reasons , and that she is unsure where her mother is ,


ethnicity  	 focus of caf y / n 	 nhs number   	 ogunmasa 	 gbenga 	 father 	 m 	 1979 	 black african 	 n 	 uknown  	 ? zzzzz  	 qqqqq


.   relationship status zzzzz   is a single parent . she is separated from the children’s father , ibrahim qqqqq , following verbally abusive relationship when he had an affair when she was pregnant with


around self harm .   risk to others : arrested for stabbing her ex - partner ( and father of her children ) with a sword . described deteriorating mood in last week on background of depressive


the only way for the children to be looked after , fed and clothed for school was for their father to look after them as he was working and was more financially secure .   knocking on


for her children . she has had to rely on food banks but has also been frustrated by the father of her children not contributing financially despite saying he will .   she also reports chronic pain


home address . he was assessed by johnson akadiri – locum senior community practitioner . also present was his father who opened the door for us .   reason for referral : gp referral as follows “this


however reported that he stopped taking it for about six months . he still has some at home . father reported that he was not giving the medication to him as he drinks up to 4 regular strength


 was under the care of htt exactly a year ago with the same presentation .   the father also reported that he was given a course of psychological therapy at lady well unit for a while


same .   appetite : good appetite   sleep : he reported sleeping well . however , father reported that his sleeping pattern has changed , as he will sleep all day and wake up all


he said he will restart his sertraline . he has in date supplies he can start taking today . father promised to start monitoring compliance .   this assessment report was discussed in the zoning meeting today


. prior to living with mother , for the past five months , he had been living with his father . his father was also not happy for him to return to this address . zzzzz  


living with mother , for the past five months , he had been living with his father . his father was also not happy for him to return to this address . zzzzz   reported there had


to this address . zzzzz   reported there had been a lot of tension between him and his father as his father did not approve of his sexual orientation ( zzzzz   is gay ) .


. zzzzz   reported there had been a lot of tension between him and his father as his father did not approve of his sexual orientation ( zzzzz   is gay ) . zzzzz  


was working and earning some money there was a hope of being able to live independently away from his father . this meant that he had been able to resist suicidal thoughts . however , now his job


his job was under threat there was a possibility that he might have to move back in with his father which made him feel very low and hopeless .    on the night that zzzzz 


) called an ambulance with concerns about his mental health . zzzzz   had an argument with his father and took a knife from the kitchen and went up to his room . he told callum that


and arguments in the family home when zzzzz   was growing up and zzzzz ’s mother left his father when he was seven years old . due to court proceedings zzzzz ’s mother was not able to


after this the contact gradually increased ) . zzzzz   and his sister moved to live with their father , and later his sister moved in with zzzzz ’s mother .   zzzzz   was


  zzzzz   came out as gay a few months ago . zzzzz   feels his father strongly disapproves of his sexual orientation and it is a cause of a lot of tension . zzzzz


circumstances   prior to admission zzzzz   was made officially homeless . five months previously zzzzz ’s father felt that zzzzz   could not live with him anymore . he was frustrated by what he


home at late hours and disturbing the rest of the household . zzzzz   felt that that his father evicted him because he did not approve of his sexuality . zzzzz   was living temporarily with


also said that he might feel more hopeful if he did not have to move back in with his father . he was prescribed some zopiclone , his dose of citalopram was increased to 40 mg and he


attachment figures during his parent’s separation . zzzzz   has been struggling with his sexuality and experiences his father as non - accepting of this which he feels both angry and depressed . his feelings of rejection


