normal rate , rhythm and tone .    current contact with services : reports a very good relationship with her gp and health visitor .    accommodation :   currently living in a


qqqqq   alli - qqqqq      	  attended : 	  agency / relationship 	  email address 	  contact number  	 zzzzz   zzzzz  	 mother 	


10 week programme at 1st place children centre , to help support low mood , reduce isolation and strengthen relationship with child . 	 felicia and rhodie          zzzzz 


) , children and others living in the household  	 last name  	 first name  	 relationship to child / children 	 m / f 	 dob or   expected date of delivery 	


     details of significant others  	 last name  	 first name  	 relationship to child / children 	 m / f 	 dob or   expected date of delivery 	


impact on the development of the unborn baby , child or young person 	 risk of postnatal depression affecting relationship of mum to her children and lack of engagement . isolation and not accessing activities , lack of


help service by health visitor for support with application to be moved up to band 2 .   relationship status zzzzz   is a single parent . she is separated from the children’s father , ibrahim


is a single parent . she is separated from the children’s father , ibrahim qqqqq , following verbally abusive relationship when he had an affair when she was pregnant with qqqqq . zzzzz   said the verbal


to support parents to understand their child’s emotional and social development and address any difficulties that arise in their relationship . zzzzz   said she is interested to find out more about the study and how it


the park . she spoke with her mother which she found supportive .   she has a difficult relationship related to her ex - partner describing him as inconsistent towards financial support and contact . she has


this triggered flashbacks to his own assault . he was also blaming himself for the breakup of his recent relationship and regretting this . his aim in taking the overdose was to go to sleep and blot out


and 15 % of him wanted live . he felt that factors triggering suicidal thoughts were accommodation issues , relationship break up and financial issues . positive thoughts were around his work colleagues , family , his goal


he was anxious about his accommodation . he further reflected on events leading up to admission and discussed his relationship break up and financial pressures . he reported being contacted daily by his university asking for the money


by multiple psychosocial stressors including being evicted from both his parent’s respective homes , a break of a significant relationship , a recent assault and financial difficulties .    diagnosis moderate depressive disorder   aetiology


which he feels both angry and depressed . his feelings of rejection were heightened when his partner ended their relationship and it was no longer possible for either of his parents to offer him a home . zzzzz


finds no pleasure in things and has frequent thoughts of suicide .     we discussed his relationship with his daughter and the betrayal by his brother with his girlfriend .   i find his


