3 	 qqqqq   and qqqqq    both boys have been accessing sal support from sunshine house . 	 qqqqq   to transfer to mainstream caseload . to see an improvement in the range


oliver goldsmith      when complete , please return securely to integrated duty triage , sumner house , sumner road , peckham , se15   5qs , email securely to   earlyhelp@southwark.gov.uk 


francis ( support practitioner ) . zzzzz   was seen with baby qqqqq , but present in the house were her husband , and two sons .    reason for referral :   


her gp and health visitor .    accommodation :   currently living in a two bedroom house . zzzzz   feels that they are cramped , however she is completing the relevant paper work


feels that they are cramped , however she is completing the relevant paper work to bid for a bigger house .    financial   zzzzz   is in receipt of income support , child


email to earlyhelp@southwark.gov.uk or by fax to 020 7525 2670 or by post to early help service , sumner house , sumner road , peckham se15 5qs ; b ) for safeguarding purposes , securely by email to


to mash @ southwark.gov.uk or by fax to 020 7525 7992 or by post to southwark mash , sumner house , sumner road , peckham se15 5qs . section 4   address for the child(ren ) concerned


three weeks and the landlord said it will be fixed soon . there was an older boy in the house , maybe 10 years old who she said was the land lords son .   mum has


 she was unable to assure her personal safety and reported hearing a voice telling her to “leave the house and walk in the middle of the road in the traffic”. ( she does not have a history


lack of financial support from partner .   can not explain why she was awake and leaving the house in the lead up to the arrest at such an early hour but went to ex - partners


history of depression over the past 3 years . he reports anxiety and lack of motivation in leaving the house . he reports low mood , anhedonia , low energy increased sleeping and increased appetite . he listens


 nhs   trust   aubrey zzzzz   3 ward   aubrey zzzzz   house ,   maudsley   hospital denmark   hill ,   zzzzz   


.    on the night that zzzzz   took the overdose he was at his mothe’r’s house . he was drinking red wine . after consuming one bottle of red wine , he felt that


because he wanted to end his life . he then smashed several ornaments and other breakable objects in the house . at this time zzzzz   admitted to experiencing ongoing fleeting thoughts of suicide by jumping in


his mother . his mother rang the ward back to inform the team that he had been at her house but had then left to return to the ward . his mother expressed concern about zzzzz ’s mental


   psychological medicine & integrated    care clinical academic group ( croydon ) jeanette wallace house 1 edridge road   croydon cr0 1fe          


june 2019    private and confidential    dr sk appentsen   salau - gaumont house branch   153 peckham high street zzzzz   se15 5sl   dear dr appensten ,


   psychological medicine & integrated care clinical academic group ( croydon )    jeanette wallace house   1 edridge road   croydon cr0 1fe        


.   the appointment details are as follows .    venue :   jeanette wallace house , 1 edridge rd , croydon cr0 1fe date :   friday 28 july 2017 time :


   psychological medicine & integrated care   clinical academic group ( croydon treatment ) jeanette wallace house   1 edridge road   croydon cr0 1fe        


    5 ) date of next review : thursday 19/7/18 at 1 pm at jeanette wallace house .     crisis plan : during office hours you can call 0203 2280300 to speak


