alive and in excellent condition .    after the event , zzzzz   reported to feel anxious , with palpitations and flashbacks , especially when near king’s college hospital . zzzzz   stated she


people take care of your child / children to give you a break ?   yes · feeling anxious or sad becomes a problem for me when …   i am alone its night time 


i am having a bad day · these are the things are can do if i feel sad and/or anxious ; reading a book talking to family or a friend   try and distract myself and take


  · here are 5 things that i could do differently when i start to feel sad and/or anxious ;   1 . to not drink alcohol as a way to manage my feelings 2 .


about family thinking he is just lazy and should get over his lack of motivation . he reported being anxious about his image which is preventing him going out to socialise .   thoughts : he admitted


reported that over the past few months he has been struggling with increasingly low mood . he described feeling anxious if he is in a crowded area and very self - conscious when he is in the local


the ward psychology team again . he reported feeling good and looking forward to being discharged although he was anxious about his accommodation . he further reflected on events leading up to admission and discussed his relationship break


he reported being contacted daily by his university asking for the money he owed them . he was also anxious about a meeting scheduled with his work place where he suspected he would be fired . he engaged


round by dr harland on 18th june . zzzzz   reported feeling ready for discharge but admitted feeling anxious about it . his mental state was judged to be stable and he denied any thoughts of self


hpu with zzzzz . he admitted that he had thought about taking an overdose because he was feeling very anxious about his accommodation , that he might be placed a long way from his family in croydon .


morning and improved appetite . his irritability persists , he can not tolerate others around him and he feels anxious . he isolates but attends the gym . he cut himself recently . he finds no pleasure in


