support :    zzzzz   reports good support from the eritrea community , she has made friends . she has also been attending local support groups such as “nappy family” , attending twice weekly .


.   there appears to be an ongoing schema of " i do n't know how to make friends " .     client reported difficulties with coping with her three children at times ,


· read a book   · listening to music , dancing   · going out with my friends   · finding new and different activities to do with friends or qqqqq    ·


  · going out with my friends   · finding new and different activities to do with friends or qqqqq    · going to water parks or swimming with qqqqq    


a poor appetite and has lost a lot of weight .   he is isolated and has no friends . he said he doesn’t really get on well with his family , but at other times was


he said he was hopeful a liver transplant might give him a normal life , where he could have friends and go to the park to play football . he has poor self - esteem . zzzzz 


listens to music however ; this does not feel as good as before . he stopped going out with friends and stopped playing football , which is a change for him .   his parents have become


- conscious when he is in the local community . he had previously enjoyed his jobs and socialising with friends , however recently he has avoided these activities . he disclosed that he is facing disciplinary procedures at


tried to act on these thoughts as he knew then pain it would cause his mother , sister and friends . he reported that he is no longer concerned by his family’s feelings and believes that by ending


callum broke up with zzzzz   two months ago . zzzzz   has a small group of friends who he trusts and gets on well with .    current social circumstances   prior


motivation over recent months , reports little pleasure from activities he previously enjoyed such as work and socialising with friends . reports feelings of hopelessness and worthlessness for past month . affect appeared reactive during interview which seemed


to the assessor that he felt happy in his new accommodation that he had been out shopping and visiting friends and family . he had no concerns about his flat and reported his mood as being 7/10 (


symptoms of low mood , disturbed sleep and appetite and social withdrawal . he found going out , seeing friends and managing his work and financial responsibilities increasingly difficult to manage . the resulting difficulties worsened his feelings


