contact details of the lead person  	 team around the child / family   members ( including parents / carers )  	 tracy brook - senco 	  oliver goldsmith primary school 	 tbrook@olivergoldsmith.southwark.sch.uk 	


and social relationships ; self - care and independence ; learning and achievement  	 strengths  	 both parents show care and kindness to the children . they are well presented . emotional warmth is shown by


of their own development / any needs they have           parents and carers   basic care , ensuring safety and protection ; emotional warmth and stability ; guidance


and protection ; emotional warmth and stability ; guidance , boundaries and stimulation  	 strengths  	 both parents show emotional warmth to the children and babies . they are clothed cleanly and the room is kept


well affecting their learning capacity . the twins are at risk of sudden infant death syndrome due to sharing parents bed . they were premature , born at 35 weeks and are not exclusively breastfeeding . this puts


a moses basket . midwife have also stressed the importance of safe steralisation of bottles and formula preparation . parents are sterilising bottles by boiling for 20 mins . we will review the family over the weekend and


s.u.s.i study : ( social and emotional under 4s screening and intervention ) which offer home visits to support parents to understand their child’s emotional and social development and address any difficulties that arise in their relationship .


going out with friends and stopped playing football , which is a change for him .   his parents have become increasingly concerned and challenge his ‘behaviour’ , which escalate his feelings . he described feelings of


ones but limited interactions nowadays .   personal history : he was born at greenwich hospital to caribbean parents . he had good childhood and enjoys school and had good grades at gcse . went to lambeth


rejection were heightened when his partner ended their relationship and it was no longer possible for either of his parents to offer him a home . zzzzz   started to experience symptoms of low mood , disturbed


