  has been vomiting since , and had to have a scan . this is impacting upon her sleep and increasing anxiety and low mood .   - zzzzz   also reports experiencing post natal


low since bus accident , however has suffered with post natal depression in the past .    sleep : reports poor sleep , states that she has difficulty sleeping and worries about the children , which


, however has suffered with post natal depression in the past .    sleep : reports poor sleep , states that she has difficulty sleeping and worries about the children , which has increased after the


the twins and states that is because there is not room for them . she sometimes puts them to sleep in their car seats .   the three children are sleeping on the floor . the bedding


people sharing one room . one double bed and duvets on the floor for the 3 older children to sleep on . twin babies have been sleeping in same bed as parent although today have obtained a moses


have been sleeping in same bed as parent although today have obtained a moses basket which both babies can sleep in together until bigger- possibly 1 - 2 months .   	 impact on the development of


space means the children are less stimulated and may not achieve their potential . they are not able to sleep well affecting their learning capacity . the twins are at risk of sudden infant death syndrome due to


/ any needs they have   mum expressed that she feels very upset that her children can not sleep properly . her older son , qqqqq   has told her that his back is hurting in


relationship of mum to her children and lack of engagement . isolation and not accessing activities , lack of sleep impacting on development and education .   lack of basics such as hot water . risk of


mum ( with partner present ) the importance of getting a cot / moses basket for the babies to sleep in . now have a moses basket . midwife have also stressed the importance of safe steralisation of


on 17th october 2018 from the home office and reported that since receiving this she had been unable to sleep .   the letter stated that her application for leave to remain had been rejected and that


qqqqq . she said she cooks food for the children and will have what’s left .    sleep zzzzz   said she has little , intermittent sleep due to qqqqq   frequently waking in


and will have what’s left .    sleep zzzzz   said she has little , intermittent sleep due to qqqqq   frequently waking in the night .   finances no concerns reported ,


abuse as a child , and also to when she was bullied at school .   she reported sleep disturbance due to hyper - arousal .   client reported “always waiting for the next episode” –


no previous history of self harm or suicidal behaviour .   presents with negative thoughts – “wanting to sleep , not wake up” to escape her emotional and physical pain . fleeting suicidal thoughts in last week


has been very emotional in custody and on assessment she presents with moderate depression with low mood , poor sleep and appetite , negative thinking , hopelessness and fleeting suicidal thinking in the past week , although there


both long term and short term memory are the same .   appetite : good appetite   sleep : he reported sleeping well . however , father reported that his sleeping pattern has changed , as


he reported sleeping well . however , father reported that his sleeping pattern has changed , as he will sleep all day and wake up all night , thereby disturbing others sleeping .   risk : zzzzz


powers . thoughts : no evidence of formal thought disorder or delusional thought content . denies any paranoid ideation sleep : describes sleep as poor with initial insomnia , reports then having to nap during the day appetite


: no evidence of formal thought disorder or delusional thought content . denies any paranoid ideation sleep : describes sleep as poor with initial insomnia , reports then having to nap during the day appetite : reports increased


minutes but found it was not tight enough to occlude his airway so he gave up and went to sleep . he reported these being impulsive actions which were triggered by a feeling of being overwhelmed by his


breakup of his recent relationship and regretting this . his aim in taking the overdose was to go to sleep and blot out his negative feelings . however he very much regretted the overdose in hindsight and recognised


parents to offer him a home . zzzzz   started to experience symptoms of low mood , disturbed sleep and appetite and social withdrawal . he found going out , seeing friends and managing his work and


call him if they would like but she avoids contact with him .   she reported that her sleep is intermittent . at times ok and other times not good as she lies awake thinking about her


  mr zzzzz   has tolerated the switch to agomelatine with some early gains such as better sleep at night , improved alertness in the morning and improved appetite . his irritability persists , he can


