appetite : reports poor appetite , but feels this has been since the bus accident .    risk : no current thoughts of self - harm or suicide , or harm to others , states children


nurse led service and we would have to refer onto the appropriate crisis service if there was a significant risk of harm to self or others .    ms zzzzz   was offered a further


of sterilising equipment for safe preparation of milk .   mums low mood . babies are medically high risk as born premature at 35 + 3 unplanned home birth .     section 8 


their potential . they are not able to sleep well affecting their learning capacity . the twins are at risk of sudden infant death syndrome due to sharing parents bed . they were premature , born at 35


were premature , born at 35 weeks and are not exclusively breastfeeding . this puts them in a high risk group .  	 parent / carer views of their parenting / any needs they have  


in deptford .  	 impact on the development of the unborn baby , child or young person 	 risk of postnatal depression affecting relationship of mum to her children and lack of engagement . isolation and not


lack of sleep impacting on development and education .   lack of basics such as hot water . risk of illness .    strategies used / in use and their impact on needs  


living conditions . this has contributed significantly to mum’s mental health and low mood . the twins are at risk of sids . the isolation of the family may affect the children’s long term development and educational outcomes


iapt but was not able to attend the clinic appointments due to having no childcare .    risk low risk at present . - no current thoughts of harm to self or others / children .


was not able to attend the clinic appointments due to having no childcare .    risk low risk at present . - no current thoughts of harm to self or others / children .  


therapy to manage difficulties stating " i 've got to do something about this " .   current risk ( to self and others ) including any history of violence or deliberate self harm   client


the above has attended the keeping well post birth group ( a 10 week therapeutic group for women at risk or experiencing postnatal distress to support attachment , develop coping strategies and reduce isolation ) and valued the


   were any safeguarding issues raised within the assessment ?    children ?   risk of suicide –no *              


          * may change without intervention from healthcare services . risk of self harm –no *      risk of violence to others or unpredictable behaviour


may change without intervention from healthcare services . risk of self harm –no *      risk of violence to others or unpredictable behaviour   -    no    


cctv ? ( where applicable )       n / a   	 brief risk screen  	  risk to self : no previous history of self harm or suicidal behaviour .


)       n / a   	 brief risk screen  	  risk to self : no previous history of self harm or suicidal behaviour .   presents with negative


had killed herself .   no current active suicidal ideation or ideation around self harm .   risk to others : arrested for stabbing her ex - partner ( and father of her children ) with


.    	 summary of cjmhs intervention ( include synopsis of case , any mh history and risk issues . also include any plan , or onward recommendations to other agencies .  	  assessment


consider referring her to her local community mental health service or continuity to her care .   the risk to self needs to be monitored until she is established on an anti - depressant and the risk


the risk to self needs to be monitored until she is established on an anti - depressant and the risk is viewed as manageable .   can a copy of this be printed out for the per


is a psychiatric liaison team at every a&e department . if you are concerned that you are an immediate risk of harming yourself or someone else you can attend a&e · 24 hour crisis helpline 08007312864 we look


as he will sleep all day and wake up all night , thereby disturbing others sleeping .   risk : zzzzz   is a 21 year old man with depression . he has expressed suicidal thoughts


: reports increased appetite recently possible comfort eating insight : good level of insight into current presentation   risk assessment   others- no risk to others identified during interview . denies any ideation , intent or


comfort eating insight : good level of insight into current presentation   risk assessment   others- no risk to others identified during interview . denies any ideation , intent or plan to harm others . risk


