brook - senco 	  oliver goldsmith primary school 	 tbrook@olivergoldsmith.southwark.sch.uk 	 zzzzz   zzzzz   – mother tracy brook – oliver goldsmith pippa baker – ann bernardt olayinka habeeb – health visitor lucy brazener –


states that her father in now is prison for political reasons , and that she is unsure where her mother is , she does not have any contact with her   she met her husband , they


  www.slam.nhs.uk    tac meeting on friday 8th september at 12 pm   re : mother name : ms zzzzz   zzzzz   child name : qqqqq   alli - qqqqq


agency / relationship 	  email address 	  contact number  	 zzzzz   zzzzz  	 mother 	 	 zzzzz   	 faridah alli - qqqqq  	 child 	 	  	 rhodie


	 qqqqq  	 black african 	 n 	 unknown  	 zzzzz   	 zzzzz  	 mother 	 f 	 qqqqq /79 	 black african 	 n y 	 unknown  	 zzzzz  	


are : ( family and practitioner ) 	 adequate housing with safe sleeping for all children mental wellbeing for mother to improve   isolation to decrease and engage with local activities    3 ) what


of psychosis ) .   she was given information regarding the crisis service and encouraged to call her mother or her friend .   she was also advised that she could attend a&e.   i


pain is having a detrimental impact on her mobility / ability to manage household and 3 children as single mother .     children qqqqq   qqqqq   qqqqq   ( qqqqq )


unborn child but on birth has developed a good bond and is observed to be a caring and attentive mother to both children .   yesterday she was very distressed at the children’s centre , following an


also the last session of the group . her elder daughter witnessed this and became very concerned about her mother which in turn exacerbated the situation as zzzzz   was concerned about the impact she was having


able to calm down , attend to her daughter and went to the park . she spoke with her mother which she found supportive .   she has a difficult relationship related to her ex - partner


to the gp to discuss medication which she has always been resistant to but has been persuaded by her mother to consider . she remains quite isolated though has recently reconnected with an old friend and is hopefully


work out what does and doesn’t help you to stay well to empower you in your role as a mother .   name :     zzzzz   zzzzz     


who you can contact if you are feeling like you are having a difficult day :   my mother , qqqqq    my aunt , jodie   my cousin , charlotte could any of


get on well with his family , but at other times was very insistent on contacting and seeing his mother . he denied feeling hopeless or having thoughts of harming himself , and denied any history of this


concrete diagnosis of the personality and developmental problems would require a more comprehensive and engaged assessment , with his mother for collateral , although there is a good psychosocial history from paul mckie with much of this content


feels his life is not worth living although no active suicidal plans . he is withdrawing socially and his mother is extremely worried about him . he has previously been under the care of the home treatment team


identified by zzzzz   is that he had recently become homeless . he had been residing with his mother at her address in croydon , however his mother’s landlord was unhappy with this arrangement and he was


mother’s landlord was unhappy with this arrangement and he was asked to move out . prior to living with mother , for the past five months , he had been living with his father . his father was


and told him to induce vomiting , which he did . his ex - boyfriend then contacted zzzzz 's mother , who in turn called las . zzzzz   went on to say that he has been


, however had not tried to act on these thoughts as he knew then pain it would cause his mother , sister and friends . he reported that he is no longer concerned by his family’s feelings and


better to try and treat his symptoms with ssris .    family history   zzzzz ’s mother has been diagnosed with emotionally unstable personality disorder and anorexia nervosa in the past . she has a


lot of tension and arguments in the family home when zzzzz   was growing up and zzzzz ’s mother left his father when he was seven years old . due to court proceedings zzzzz ’s mother was


zzzzz ’s mother left his father when he was seven years old . due to court proceedings zzzzz ’s mother was not able to see him or his sister for about six months ( though after this the


and his sister moved to live with their father , and later his sister moved in with zzzzz ’s mother .   zzzzz   was diagnosed with a language processing deficit and needed a lot of


