diagnosis of depression in the past and was given diazepam as an antidepressant , but couldn’t recall any other treatment . he described his personality as ‘dull’ , and couldn’t really elaborate on other facets of his self


at the moment , i would recommend that zzzzz   and his medical and gp teams consider antidepressant treatment for his depressive symptoms , and await the further improvement of his acute confusion . there is reason


confusion . there is reason to be hopeful that with adequate concordance with a tolerated and effective medicine , treatment would be useful for him , and that response could be expected within weeks to months . perhaps


adequately with transplant processes , overcoming some of the personality difficulties he has shown so far . there are treatment options for personality disorder symptoms , primarily psychological therapy , and the various therapy modalities bring modest response


are long term endeavours taking months to years for effect .     in terms of antidepressant treatment , sertraline would be a reasonable choice if he has not tried this before . i am awaiting


and his mother is extremely worried about him . he has previously been under the care of the home treatment team in 2018 with similar presentations .   presenting complaint :    zzzzz  


and is willing to do “something about it”. mental capacity assessment :    to accept /consent to treatment : yes   to understand the information & rationale behind treatment with insight : yes  


   to accept /consent to treatment : yes   to understand the information & rationale behind treatment with insight : yes   to retain the information with capacity to remember information currently & previously


referred by his gp to the causley eating disorder department . he had an oesophageal web and was receiving treatment ( including balloon dilatation ) and was seeing a dietician to increase his weight following the intervention ,


received 4 months of supportive management in the eating disorders out - patient department . during the course of treatment he became more motivated to gain weight but continued to find eating physically difficult and was discharged back


to be put in place . risk to self at present appears moderate to high .    treatment and progress on the ward   zzzzz   was reviewed by a member of the medical


so came back to the ward to receive this . he agreed to go to king’s college hospital for treatment . his paracetamol levels were raised and he required treatment with nac . he refused to let staff


he agreed to go to king’s college hospital for treatment . his paracetamol levels were raised and he required treatment with nac . he refused to let staff inform his mother . when he was back on al3


to spend the night in his new accommodation then return to the ward to be assessed by the home treatment team .    on 22nd june zzzzz   returned to the ward as planned and


  on 22nd june zzzzz   returned to the ward as planned and met with the home treatment team . he reported to the assessor that he felt happy in his new accommodation that he had


friday 10am-4pm please call 020 3228 9200 and ask to speak to the duty professional for the assessment and treatment service . outside these hours you can contact ;   · seldoc the out of hours gp


  reason for referral ( description , current symptoms , severity , effect on daily functioning , current treatment ):   has personality disorder –   please tick :   y woman with mental


? woman with mental health problems within one year of delivery .   previous mental health history ( treatment by gp , outpatient mental health service , inpatient psychiatric treatment or detention under mental health act in


.   previous mental health history ( treatment by gp , outpatient mental health service , inpatient psychiatric treatment or detention under mental health act in psychiatric hospital previous diagnosis , details of mental health service ):


or detention under mental health act in psychiatric hospital previous diagnosis , details of mental health service ): past treatment for persoanlity disorder- no medication at present current and past alcohol or drug problems :   current


provided .   these will help us with assessing your needs and with monitoring your progress in any treatment that you are offered .   please bring any queries about this to the assessment . 


   www.slam.nhs.uk    psychological medicine & integrated care   clinical academic group ( croydon treatment ) jeanette wallace house   1 edridge road   croydon cr0 1fe    


 3 enmore road   zzzzz zzzzz    se25 5nt dear dr clery , please find treatment care plan overleaf .    thank you .   cc : zzzzz   zzzzz


            ?       treatment care plan        gp details :      


for routine blood tests .    2 ) refer to touchstone for further assessment of suitability of treatment with mentalisation model .              


