      plan written by / role : tracy brook - senco   	 family name  	 child / children’s names 	 date of birth / expected date of delivery 	 nc


of the lead person  	 contact details of the lead person  	 team around the child / family   members ( including parents / carers )  	 tracy brook - senco 	  oliver


– health visitor lucy brazener – parental mental health team krystin frehlich – classteacher yvonne lubwama – contact a family  	 current issues :   	 introduction to the child and family   zzzzz 


yvonne lubwama – contact a family  	 current issues :   	 introduction to the child and family   zzzzz   is a lone parent raising 2 sons . her oldest son has been


with her local children’s centre ann bernardt . she attends an eal class and is supported by contact a family . zzzzz   has completed a creative family course with the pmht .    


attends an eal class and is supported by contact a family . zzzzz   has completed a creative family course with the pmht .     	 long term goals qqqqq   to receive


parent child engagement to encourage development . zzzzz   has accessed the playful families programme and contact a family events . however her interaction at home continues to be minimal and further input is needed . 


intervention with susi project .   january 2015 onwards . 	 	  	 8 	 contact a family have been supporting zzzzz   with her immigration case . she has now been advised she can


case . she has now been advised she can not work and is under huge stress . contact a family helped her to apply for a grant to purchase a lap - top for the boys to use


	 progress towards resolution of zzzzz ’ immigration case . zzzzz   to continue to access contact a family for support . grant application refused for lap - top for use in the family home . 


to access contact a family for support . grant application refused for lap - top for use in the family home .  	 yvonne to continue to support . tracy to contact yvonne to update her .


      the same   since working with the team around the child and family , my knowledge about the services available for my child has gotten ...... 							    |_|


  |_|    thinking about your experience to date with your team around the child and family , how satisfied or dissatisfied are you overall ?   please tick appropriate box .  


history given . zzzzz   reports that she grew up in eritrea , was part of a large family . states that her family were wealthy and she had a very good , comfortable upbringing . she


 reports that she grew up in eritrea , was part of a large family . states that her family were wealthy and she had a very good , comfortable upbringing . she states that her father in


rapport very easily established .    mood : zzzzz   reports she is happy with her family and her children . but on a scale of 1 - 10 she’d place herself at 5 .


 qqqqq  	 nrpf social worker 	 qqqqq  	 07712 698 480  	 mauvene burke 	 family support worker 	 mburke@ivydale.southwark.sch.uk 	 07949633500  	 danna johnson 	 family service locality manager 	  danna.johnson@southwark.gov.uk


698 480  	 mauvene burke 	 family support worker 	 mburke@ivydale.southwark.sch.uk 	 07949633500  	 danna johnson 	 family service locality manager 	  danna.johnson@southwark.gov.uk 	  	 	 	 	  	 apologies 	 	 	


tenants at the flat , concerns regarding lack of space and safety issues for faridah -requests made that the family continue to live close to their support network in peckham 	 - qqqqq   to meet with


    qqqqq  	 monday 11th september at 1 pm       family to be moved when suitable accommodation identified   	 qqqqq ’s development 	 -concerns regarding faridah’s speech


 	  	      	         current family and home situation   e.g. family structure including siblings , significant adults , etc . ; who


  	         current family and home situation   e.g. family structure including siblings , significant adults , etc . ; who does and does live with the child(ren


her , especially as they are premature , very small and mix feeding . i have also advised the family to buy adequate sterilising equipment to make formula milk safely for the babies .    mum


relative .   at booking reported low mood .     section 5   additional family details  	 first language 	 english  	 interpreter / signer needed ?    


    formcheckbox    no section 6   services involved with this child and family  	 service / organisation 	 details  	 telephone   	 gp ( family doctor )


