a new health visitor appointment   made for 27.01.15   there are continuing concerns regarding the boys’ eating , and particularly qqqqq ’s weight . 	 zzzzz   to respond to advice on healthy eating


boys’ eating , and particularly qqqqq ’s weight . 	 zzzzz   to respond to advice on healthy eating routine .   zzzzz   to improve the boys’ diet , widening the range of foods


range of foods on offer at home . 	 zzzzz   to set up routines   around eating , providing a range of healthy foods . health visitor / school nurse to manage and support .


says mum often phones him at night when he is working in tears and upset . she is not eating well or sleeping well . she has not disclosed any previous mental health issues . room can not


back to the home office by the 7th november .   she also reported that she had stopped eating and was struggling to look after herself .     as you will be aware ,


first contact with mental health services in march 2013 . he was referred by his gp to the causley eating disorder department . he had an oesophageal web and was receiving treatment ( including balloon dilatation ) and


with anorexia nervosa ( bmi 16 ) .   he received 4 months of supportive management in the eating disorders out - patient department . during the course of treatment he became more motivated to gain weight


patient department . during the course of treatment he became more motivated to gain weight but continued to find eating physically difficult and was discharged back to his gp in june 2014 and a further balloon dilatation was


and a further balloon dilatation was planned .    at some point after his discharge from the eating disorders outpatient service zzzzz   was referred to the southwark psychological therapies service ( spts ) .


initial insomnia , reports then having to nap during the day appetite : reports increased appetite recently possible comfort eating insight : good level of insight into current presentation   risk assessment   others- no risk


