 was referred by her health visitor lauren mckeown as zzzzz   has a history of post natal depression and feels that her mood is currently low . she is keen to seek support to avoid her


sleep and increasing anxiety and low mood .   - zzzzz   also reports experiencing post natal depression with her previous two children , and worries that her mood will deteriorate further if she doesn’t seek


to calm down . reports mood has been low since bus accident , however has suffered with post natal depression in the past .    sleep : reports poor sleep , states that she has difficulty


 	 impact on the development of the unborn baby , child or young person 	 risk of postnatal depression affecting relationship of mum to her children and lack of engagement . isolation and not accessing activities ,


herself .     as you will be aware , ms. zzzzz   has struggled with depression for many years , but receiving the recent letter appears to have exacerbated her low mood . 


better parent .   plans :   she will attend gp to discuss medication for anxiety and depression has applied to study part - time as midwife .   to complete save the children grant


adverse childhood and other life events – not explored as likely to exacerbate current distress .   recent depression and with this being her first time in prison will be vulnerable .   environmental risks :


a sword .   she has been very emotional in custody and on assessment she presents with moderate depression with low mood , poor sleep and appetite , negative thinking , hopelessness and fleeting suicidal thinking in


or alcohol , but last used cannabis occasionally in 2017 . he said he has had a diagnosis of depression in the past and was given diazepam as an antidepressant , but couldn’t recall any other treatment .


2018 with similar presentations .   presenting complaint :    zzzzz   reported history of depression over the past 3 years . he reports anxiety and lack of motivation in leaving the house .


thereby disturbing others sleeping .   risk : zzzzz   is a 21 year old man with depression . he has expressed suicidal thoughts in the past but currently has no plan to harm self or


of self harm by taking overdoses .   zzzzz   has one full sister also suffers from depression and also has a history of self harming by taking overdoses zzzzz   has two half -brothers


noted that the client isn’t currently on any medication . this could be considered as per nice guidelines for depression ( which can be found at www.nice.org.uk ) .   2- counselling to be considered off the


    family history of any severe perinatal mental illness , such as puerperal psychosis or psychotic depression ( if yes , please provide details :   is the patient in agreement with this referral


to find joy or justice . this leaves him struggling to be thankful whilst also in the grip of depression .    i explained that i would start lamotrigine and probably add another antidepressant at some


