term to new settings ; qqqqq   attends the reception class at oliver goldsmith and has full time support from an ssa . qqqqq   has taken up a 2 year placement at ann bernardt .


    	 long term goals qqqqq   to receive education , health and care plan support for his learning needs . qqqqq ’s level of developmental delay to be more specifically assessed and appropriately


. qqqqq   has settled in well to oliver goldsmith . he is responding well to the structured support of his ssa .  	  qqqqq   to be making progress towards meeting his iep


	  	 3 	 qqqqq   and qqqqq    both boys have been accessing sal support from sunshine house . 	 qqqqq   to transfer to mainstream caseload . to see an improvement


improvement in the range of words the boys are using and to talk in short phrases . 	 sal support for qqqqq   to be clarified and to continue to be ongoing . tracy to speak to


than repeating what is said . 	 zzzzz   and nursery staff to continue to communicate regularly to support qqqqq ’s social development . on - going 	 	  	 	 parent child engagement to encourage


play with them at home . 	 zzzzz   to engage with susi project , for 1:1 home support , when offered .   january 2015   zzzzz   to take on board advice


 around eating , providing a range of healthy foods . health visitor / school nurse to manage and support . boys’ height and weight to be monitored termly . on - going 	 	  	 6


towards resolution of zzzzz ’ immigration case . zzzzz   to continue to access contact a family for support . grant application refused for lap - top for use in the family home .  	 yvonne


application refused for lap - top for use in the family home .  	 yvonne to continue to support . tracy to contact yvonne to update her . january 2015   zzzzz   to seek


support . tracy to contact yvonne to update her . january 2015   zzzzz   to seek support to clarify situation . on - going to explore grounds for appeal ? charities ? as soon as


        parent / child survey   how many weeks after requesting support did a worker make contact with you ? _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _


by the parental mental health team . a home visit was carried out , with colleague lucia francis ( support practitioner ) . zzzzz   was seen with baby qqqqq , but present in the house were


history of post natal depression and feels that her mood is currently low . she is keen to seek support to avoid her mental state deteriorating , and it was felt that zzzzz   would benefit from


benefit from assessment from the parental mental health team to assess current mental state and to explore options for support .    children :   qqqqq - qqqqq    qqqqq - qqqqq 


for a bigger house .    financial   zzzzz   is in receipt of income support , child benefit and housing benefit . she reports that it can be a struggle , however they


however they manage . her husband is currently not working due to having back pain .    support :    zzzzz   reports good support from the eritrea community , she has made


due to having back pain .    support :    zzzzz   reports good support from the eritrea community , she has made friends . she has also been attending local support groups


reports good support from the eritrea community , she has made friends . she has also been attending local support groups such as “nappy family” , attending twice weekly . she was also attending college , she has


2017 at 09.30am   the purpose of this visit is to complete an assessment and see what other support our service can offer you to meet your needs . you will be meeting with felicia nelson (


hours service and during 9 - 5 monday to friday she can also contact our service for advice and support . however it is worth mentioning that we do not have a medical cover as we are a


qqqqq  	 nrpf social worker 	 qqqqq  	 07712 698 480  	 mauvene burke 	 family support worker 	 mburke@ivydale.southwark.sch.uk 	 07949633500  	 danna johnson 	 family service locality manager 	  danna.johnson@southwark.gov.uk 	


lack of space and safety issues for faridah -requests made that the family continue to live close to their support network in peckham 	 - qqqqq   to meet with zzzzz   and review current accommodation


put these strategies in place due to being overwhelmed by her own difficulties , mauvene has provided additional zzzzz support   	 -faridah to be referred to salt    -faridah to have developmental review with


 at home visit   -mauvene to continue to carry out home visits and provide parenting advice and support   -nrpf social worker to carry out section 17 assessment    -possible nursery placement at


