assess underlying cause due to on - going complex social stressors    -unclear if consistently taking her medication  	 -parental mental health team to continue to monitor zzzzz ’s mental health and to escalate to


council and they will not help her .    the flat was clean and i noted that medication etc had been placed high in a cupboard . zzzzz   seemed to be caring well for


 rapport easily established .   speech a little slow at times , zzzzz   said her medication does have a sedative affect . normal , tone and volume .   mood subjectively : zzzzz


perinatal psychiatry who did not feel she meet criteria for cmht input . is the patient currently taking psychotropic medication ? ( eg antidepressants , sleeping tablets etc , name of medication and dose if possible ) 


. is the patient currently taking psychotropic medication ? ( eg antidepressants , sleeping tablets etc , name of medication and dose if possible )   sertraline        current or past


application though all advisors were busy .   she has decided to go to the gp to discuss medication which she has always been resistant to but has been persuaded by her mother to consider . she


the children deserved a better parent .   plans :   she will attend gp to discuss medication for anxiety and depression has applied to study part - time as midwife .   to complete


need screening by the gp reception service who will need to liaise with her gp for continuing of existing medication and to initiate an anti - depressant . if possible she would benefit from psychological input and/or possible


sertraline would be a reasonable choice if he has not tried this before . i am awaiting a past medication history from the gp . sertraline should be started at 50 mg once daily , and if tolerated


  diagnosis : he was diagnosed in 2018 with f32.0 - mild depressive episode     medication : 50 mg sertraline . he however reported that he stopped taking it for about six months .


about six months . he still has some at home . father reported that he was not giving the medication to him as he drinks up to 4 regular strength of lager most days . it appeared from


akadiri – locum senior community practitioner .  	 client’s comments : 	 agree to plan .  	 medication :                 


feel suicidal and reported that if he were to leave hospital he would go and research which " stronger medication " he would have to take and how much in order to end his life .  


 oesophagel web treated with balloon dilatation language processing difficulty anorexia nervosa – bmi 17.5 on admission   medication    allergy to penicillin and oxytetracycline   citalopram po 20 mg od omeprazole po 20


ideation with intent and plan . informed me that if he were to return home he would research what medication and amount that he would have to take in order to end his life . further advised me


services if he did experience this . zzzzz   reported that he was happy to continue taking his medication . zzzzz   felt that he would not need htt support but would appreciate longer term support


obsessive compulsive and emotionally unstable traits . he presented after an impulsive overdose of his prescribed anti - depressant medication triggered by multiple psychosocial stressors including being evicted from both his parent’s respective homes , a break of


about his future and unable to manage which precipitated his suicidal thoughts and feelings .    discharge medication   citalopram pop 40 mg od omeprazole po 20 mg od   current risk currently there


    zzzzz -zzzzz   reported that her mood has been up and down but the medication has been helping . she continues to feel sad about having her children removed as she does not


children including her unborn son as a protective factor .    she has run out of the medication is unsure if the gp will prescribe more    risk assessment : to self – occasionally


like to suggest the following :   1- it is noted that the client isn’t currently on any medication . this could be considered as per nice guidelines for depression ( which can be found at www.nice.org.uk


act in psychiatric hospital previous diagnosis , details of mental health service ): past treatment for persoanlity disorder- no medication at present current and past alcohol or drug problems :   current or past risk of suicide


      2 ) major depressive disorder .       current medication :                 


 i explained that i would start lamotrigine and probably add another antidepressant at some stage if the current medication was not as effective as could be . therapy will be of immense need to help shift some


