if yes )   social support ( or lack of ) relationship with partner relationship with family employment immigration / seeking asylum housing / homelessness financial / debts offending behaviour   details :   


of the people named above :  	 none identified         	 immigration status regarding any of the people named above :  	 none identified     


:   language :   needs interpreter ? no ni no : st 68 71 83 d immigration status :   id documents available ( photograph / copy ): polish id recourse to public funds


 ( feeling frustrated with others    ( moving home       ( immigration issues   ( prejudice or discrimination    ( getting into debt or getting a big


feeling stressed about her life in general . her current concerns / stressors include - husband’s visa issues ( immigration ) , housing situation and future of her 9 currently children are employed and they live in separate


to recall some of her details . hence feels guilty and responsible for not being able to sort out immigration issues for her husband . reported having short term problems with her memory since 2 - 3 years


arguments with her husband in the last couple of months . she is motivated to support her husband with immigration issues .    mental state examination :    appearance & behaviour – mrs zzzzz


support her husband . expressed ideas of guilt for not being able to support her husband adequately in the immigration interviews . suicidal ideation - denied having ideas to harm herself .   thoughts - thought form


                  ? immigration / seeking asylum     ? housing / homelessness       


                  ? immigration / seeking asylum     x ? housing / homelessness      


  employment status : unemployed on benefits   housing status : has a council tenancy   immigration status :  	 checklist :    child risk       


         formcheckbox    no 	 country of origin / immigration status 	 uk british    details of any special requirements for the child and/or parent /


  yes      x formcheckbox    no 	 country of origin / immigration status 	         details of any special requirements for the child


                  ? immigration / seeking asylum     ? housing / homelessness       


                  ? immigration / seeking asylum     ? x housing / homelessness      


