) details : nono current mental health treatment provided by   cmht care coordinator psychiatrist psychologist gp specialist addiction / alcohol service other        details :    family mental


him to consider meaningful day time activities .   yours sincerely dr alastair boyd , associate specialist in addiction psychiatry cc dr ranjababu kulasegaram , dept gum , harrison wing , 2nd floor , lambeth wing ,


 	 	 to self ( suicide , deliberate self harm , accidental self harm , self neglect , addiction , recklessness )   to others ( verbal / physical aggression , threats of violence , sexually


, no heating )   unstable mental state ( mental health liable to deteriorate quickly or unpredictably , addiction issues , poor coping , impulsivity )   compliance problems ( with medication , with services )


at times tumultuous . this was primarily due to the difficulties they were encountering in relation to his continuing addiction which contrasted her recovery from addiction .   the aims of treatment were to remain abstinent and


primarily due to the difficulties they were encountering in relation to his continuing addiction which contrasted her recovery from addiction .   the aims of treatment were to remain abstinent and avoid self - harm , as


  ? psychiatrist    ? psychologist    ? gp    ? specialist addiction / alcohol service    ? other   details :   none .  


give him more opportunities . she met her son some years ago and he had lots of issues around addiction and was threatening toward her which she found upsetting as she felt she had given him a better


  ? psychiatrist    ? psychologist    ? gp    ? specialist addiction / alcohol service    ? other    details :     


   in 2006 mr zzzzz   started to use heroin and in 2009 sort help from addiction services . he was also referred to the cmht at tamworth road . he has taken opiate replacement


.   mr zzzzz   struggled to be able to attend the appointments at lantern hall , addiction services and his receipt of therapy was conditional on him being able to attend the addiction services .


lantern hall , addiction services and his receipt of therapy was conditional on him being able to attend the addiction services . neil robertson took over as care coordinator .    in the past he has


                  lambeth addiction team                 


   ? psychiatrist    ? psychologist    gp    ? specialist addiction / alcohol service    ? other   details :   none currently . 


 ? psychiatrist    ? psychologist    x ? gp    ? specialist addiction / alcohol service    ? other   details :    	 family mental


