, volume and rate , coherence , logical , coherent , congruent )   mood ( apathetic , irritable , labile , optimistic or pessimistic , energy levels , motivation , anger , anxiety , thoughts of


assumptions ( " if i make a mistake , i am a failure " , " if a feel irritable and upset , i am not a good person " ) which contribute to her low mood and


images or memories have been   dist^singme •o •2 •3 •4 • p   29.1 have been irritable when with other people •o •2 •3 — • f 30.1 have thought i am to blamefor my


3bx presenting problems   you described to me longstanding difficulties with anger mainly in the form of being irritable and critical towards your husband and children . you also told me of how you push yourself to


please consider relevant physical and social difficulties as well as psychological / psychiatric problems ) · mood fluctuation ( irritable , angry , fed up , feeling of dread ) · history of depression with psychotic features 


she was calm and pleasant during the discussions . she reported having good mood and denied any low , irritable or related mood and reported that she is eating regularly .   there was no evidence of


appearance and behaviour- casually dressed , well - mannered lady who made good eye contact and rapport . not irritable , aggressive or distractible . engaged reasonably well with assessment .   speech- normal rhythm , rate


a return to caring about his personal care . his sleep and appetite had improved . he was not irritable . he was not experiencing suicidal thoughts and was future orientated – speaking about returning to his voluntary


zzzzz   reported difficulties with anger management and mood swings . zzzzz   said that he feels irritable and that he shouts at people every qqqqq . zzzzz   told me that he has frequent


high he has much more energy and he re - decorates or cleans his flat , he feels more irritable , he talks faster , he has trouble concentrating , he goes shopping ( i.e. £ 500 a


above , stating that his mood has continued to fluctuate , ranging from being very very low to being irritable .   he admitted that he has a temper , which he stated has been flaring up


is hard to sit still   1 /3   •   gad-7 score - becoming easily annoyed or irritable   2 /3   •   gad-7 score - feeling afraid as if something awful might happen


 she visited her gp about a month ago when she was feeling low in mood , tearful and irritable and was started on anti - depressants .    mental state and behaviour   a


that she has low mood and anxiety , she is tearful at least once per week , and becomes irritable but not aggressive . she said that she feels she is lazy these days , she does not


this was   waking you up at night and causing you increased tiredness during the day , being irritable and low in mood .   you reported feeling like you are powerless because you ca n't


worsening mood swings and stated that it is causing you to be more snappy at your friends , being irritable , staying quiet , staring into space and not noticing what goes on around you .  


respective sisters introduced .   married 2 years ago – good – she has temper , she is irritable , he is tying to support her pregnancy and birth planned – happy when pregnant , experienced morning


mood starts to deteriorate 10 days before she is due for her periods . she described it as feeling irritable , more emotional and tiredness , occasionally she feels happier than normal . this usually starts 10 days


it may trigger manic episode therefore we agreed that she could try olanzapine 7.5 mg od if feel more irritable .    care plan : 1 . she will continue with sertraline 150 mg od 10


loves to give her children the best .   medical history , hole in oesophagus , dyspraxia , irritable bowel syndrome   medication : zzzzz   was previously on antidepressants medication , she is prescribed


to zzzzz   today on phone ( 14.06.18 ) .   she reported that she felt very irritable , had obsessive thoughts , and was euphoric and weepy for past few days , it appears mixed


. she said that it was during the party when she felt that she is going bit manic , irritable and couldn’t sleep . she initially described as racing and later said that it might be obsessive thoughts


states she feels tired all the time . on assessment she presented with rather poor selfcare and seemed intermittently irritable , however able to engage . she expressed low mood , in particular at night and has had


him and his mood has deteriorated significantly . mr zzzzz   and his partner report that he is irritable and unhappy in himself as well as feeling anxious and stressed far more easily . mr zzzzz 


request home treatment team involvement .    	 how i feel 	 	  	 · feeling irritable   	 · become frustrated with qqqqq   or my son and less prepared to help


