speech : normal rate and content . low volume - though this might have been due to not wanting family in other room to hear conversation .   mood & affect   subjective : zzzzz 


gp specialist addiction / alcohol service other        details :    family mental health history ( xxxx if yes ) partner father mother sibling   client’s child other 


( ( ( iiiinnnncccclllluuuuddddiiiinnnngggg     ddddiiiiaaaaggggnnnnoooossssiiiissss ) ) ) ): : : :    family history of perinatal mental illness ( xxxx if yes )   mother grandmother sister aunt daughter other


( xxxx if yes )   social support ( or lack of ) relationship with partner relationship with family employment immigration / seeking asylum housing / homelessness financial / debts offending behaviour   details : 


, ibs , and polycystic ovaries . she suffers from migraines .   she has no allergies . family history – her mother has panic attacks and is on medication . her grandmother was agoraphobic . 


appointments we will be closing the case , the asd and adhd seem to be managed well within the family and the ssri appeared beneficial .   zzzzz   is a delightful young woman ; if


you wish to discuss the matter further . yours sincerely   michelle whiteside   cbt therapist cc family ?           trust headquarters , 9th floor  


not eligible 	 needs to be updated 	 needs to be updated  	 g : developing and maintaining family or other personal relationships  	 enough information – not eligible 	 correct 	 matches  	 h


personal budget at this stage .   	 comments : · sam chong to discuss and work with family .   · to represent to panel with a fuller assessment covering the social care domains .


progress your goals for a maximum of 12 weeks .    please do invite a friend , family member or an advocate to future meetings . in addition , if your gp would like to contribute


also agreed to facilitate her attendance to our assessments but was unable to do so due to her own family commitments .   it is felt that her presentation is somehow long standing , she is currently


further lowering of mood with increased negative ideas about herself and how she feels she is perceived by her family especially her brother and other people . feels her family thinks they are better off without her and


and how she feels she is perceived by her family especially her brother and other people . feels her family thinks they are better off without her and she does not think anyone will miss her if she


there are internal stairs in his flat , that mean he can not leave his flat without assistance from family or friends .   mr zzzzz   would like to continue to pursue re - housing


navigator ) will be supported . mr zzzzz   and his care coordinator will continue to involve his family where appropriate .    · mr zzzzz   will visit the housing office next week to


her home environment through accidents or managing there .   however these are mitigated by living with her family .   treatment care plan : 1 . we discussed changes of medication today .  


 	 reason for referral : known to have depression , treated with citalopram , currently clinically euthymic . family concerned very forgetful- daughter noticed the decline . pt’s mother had dementia from a young age : (


can see , and tries to clean it .  	 relevant medical history :   patient / family account :   no trouble with tremor , no history of head trauma . one fall ,


glass of wine makes her drunk . usually drinks water . no other recreational substance use .  	 family history :    her mother “is the same” with memory problems : she has had these


considered suicide . once almost threw herself from a second floor . and has threatened multiple times to her family that she will throw herself in front of the train at stockwell . she reports these thoughts have


to see her gp and to make recent positive changes .    her daughter , partner , family and friends are strong protective factors .    she is compliant with medication and finding this


2019 . following this significant loss she felt extremely low in mood and stopped engaging with her friends and family . she experienced suicidal thoughts and took an impulsive od of herbal remedy expecting to die . this


expecting to die . this event prompted her to see her gp and to start talking to friends and family about her mental health . gp started fluoxetine and this has helped with sleep and has already had


might be helpful at this time . zzzzz   feels that support from her gp , friends and family and counselling arranged through work are sufficient . following assessment there is no ongoing role for a &


well presented . she described some ongoing concerns regarding her mental health , which seemed to link closely to family difficulties . the first time i saw sabrina she mentioned having suicidal thoughts , around twice a month


