pedro wants to be present at the birth , alternatively may have a doula plan for one of her friends or her partner’s ex - girlfriend to watch their son during the birth if able final plan depends


internal stairs in his flat , that mean he can not leave his flat without assistance from family or friends .   mr zzzzz   would like to continue to pursue re - housing via the


depression her manager and colleagues have been very supportive .    she has a supportive group of friends .   mental state examination      zzzzz   described herself as a


extremely low and found it difficult to get out of bed . she stopped talking to her partner and friends and did not enjoy playing with her daughter . she has suicidal thoughts and in early november took


greater benefit appears to have come from zzzzz   speaking to her partner , her work and her friends about her depression . prior to this she was isolating herself and not taking . this led to


her gp and to make recent positive changes .    her daughter , partner , family and friends are strong protective factors .    she is compliant with medication and finding this helpful .


in april 2019 . following this significant loss she felt extremely low in mood and stopped engaging with her friends and family . she experienced suicidal thoughts and took an impulsive od of herbal remedy expecting to die


herbal remedy expecting to die . this event prompted her to see her gp and to start talking to friends and family about her mental health . gp started fluoxetine and this has helped with sleep and has


additional support might be helpful at this time . zzzzz   feels that support from her gp , friends and family and counselling arranged through work are sufficient . following assessment there is no ongoing role for


do so , and to pursue a career as an air hostess .     family and friends zzzzz   moved to the uk , from spain in 2015 . she is bi - lingual


her regularly , but is only able to visit about once a year . she has a few close friends who she can talk to . during our second appointment zzzzz   also mentioned that she had


, there are also protective factors and strengths in zzzzz ’s life . zzzzz   has some close friends , and family members who she can talk to e.g. her cousin and brother . by the second


plans to move accommodation . she had been able to keep herself busy and spend more time with her friends and family . this had helped her to distract herself from depressive feelings . zzzzz   is


, she is hopeful of resuming her studies when she’s financially able to do so . she also has friends and family who care about her , and she is able to ask for help .  


.    · zzzzz   to spend as much time as possible with supportive family and friends . explore options for moving to alternative accommodation with them in the first instance . if this is


with his epilepsy and can not function like everyone else , and also blames his epilepsy for not having friends .    he suffers with some side effects from the medication too , mainly diarrhoea .


.    this has made her feel extremely low and isolated- she doesn’t see much of her friends or family as she feels embarrassed and that she is letting her family down . she feels very


september 17 , stayed 93 or 94 holloway road , 10 people , left may because somebody threatened her friends , lived for free , landlord aware – house sitting whilst he waiting for authorisation for building ·


  plan khp to : 1 . contact night shelters   ej to : 1 . contact friends  … .................................................. … ........................................ … ..................................................   south zzzzz   and maudsley nhs  


other information around social circumstances   ( housing , employment / study , social support – family / friends , benefits / finances / debts , leisure / hobbies , spiritual / religious / cultural , psychosexual


person .   please do feel free to bring anyone else with you , either family members or friends , who you think may be helpful to have at our meeting .   we have found


this plan is owned by you . however , you may wish to share it with your carer , friends or relatives . your mental health worker will input this information into your care plan and upload it


, practice relaxation techniques , leave the room if things are too tense , find a distraction , visit friends or family , take a break from stressful activities , tell someone you trust . some examples :


put down 	 make my feelings known , don’t bottle up my emotions .    talk to friends or counsellor  	 feeling alone and isolated 	 phone up a friend , arrange to meet a


can you contact ( or others contact for you ) should you become unwell ? ( eg : carer friends , family members , care co - ordinator , member of faith group , your personal assistant or


