to contact with this letter .   we will be in touch with you as soon as an appointment becomes available and thank you in the meantime for your patience .     yours sincerely


attend , engage with maternity services ) kch which hospital is she booked to deliver :   next appointment    obstetrician   named midwife    edd no data gravida / parity g


 zzzzz   zzzzz zzzzz     dear zzzzz    i have arranged another appointment for you to see dr conlan in her outpatient’s clinic on 27 november 2017 at 12.00 . 


her outpatient’s clinic on 27 november 2017 at 12.00 .   if you are unable to keep this appointment could you contact me on the above number to re- arrange an alternative date .   yours


cdp after we last met and you should have heard from someone from this team to arrange an assessment appointment . i have enclosed a leaflet with contact details for blenheim in case you need to contact them


              re :   outpatient appointment   i am writing to inform you that you have been referred for an appointment with the


  outpatient appointment   i am writing to inform you that you have been referred for an appointment with the perinatal psychiatry team .   your appointment has been scheduled for :   date


inform you that you have been referred for an appointment with the perinatal psychiatry team .   your appointment has been scheduled for :   date :   friday 6th february 2015 time : 


be seen by dr seneviratne , consultant psychiatrist .   should you need to re - arrange this appointment , please contact us on 020 3299 3234 / 3277 as soon as possible and a further appointment


this appointment , please contact us on 020 3299 3234 / 3277 as soon as possible and a further appointment will be scheduled for you .   yours sincerely , s folliot , administrative support for 


9200 and ask to speak to the bookings administrator or to a duty professional if you would like an appointment . if we have not heard from you by friday 4th of november we will assume that you


-zzzzz   zzzzz zzzzz zzzzz   dear jessica i would like to offer you a medical review appointment on :    date :   wednesday 16th august 2017 time :   


you will be seen by : dr m fuste please report to reception there when you arrive . the appointment will last approximately 30 minutes .. please bring your handheld antenatal notes with you .   please


with you .   please inform us as soon as possible if you need to re arrange this appointment on 020 7188 6007/ 6004 and a further appointment will be scheduled .   yours sincerely ,


soon as possible if you need to re arrange this appointment on 020 7188 6007/ 6004 and a further appointment will be scheduled .   yours sincerely ,   team administrator   mappim mappim perinatal


zzzzz zzzzz ,   zzzzz   dear ms zzzzz , we would like to offer you an appointment with dr. abbass mohammadinasab .   please see details of appointment below : venue :  


we would like to offer you an appointment with dr. abbass mohammadinasab .   please see details of appointment below : venue :    jeanette wallace house date :     thursday 21st


   time :     11 am    if for any reason this appointment is not convenient , please contact us on the above telephone number so that a mutually suitable alternative


cbt for low mood , a referral to baseline who supports young people with education and employment and an appointment with our psychiatrist for medication .   zzzzz   saw dr oxley and was prescribed sertraline


assessing the impact of the ssri .   zzzzz   was not able to attend a later appointment where we would have considered further medication .   unfortunately zzzzz   did not want to


that she had been going through a fairly good few days just prior to us meeting . during our appointment she was reactive in mood and did not present as significantly depressed , although told us that her


when you will return . i would also like to express my sincere apologies for having to cancel your appointment to see our doctor at short notice and i am sorry we were not able to re -


see our doctor at short notice and i am sorry we were not able to re - arrange another appointment before you left the uk . we have written to your gp to advise them of your discharge


   zzzzz    dear ms qqqqq   we are pleased to offer you an appointment at your home on : wednesday the 27th of december 2017 at   11:30am the purpose of


as possible if you are unable to attend . if we receive your cancellation in good time , your appointment could be offered to someone else . please note that failure to attend appointments without notice may result


