            cipts -   jeanette wallace house therapist :     marzia santori , honorary psychotherapist   it is imperative that mr zzzzz


back from you .   our psychologist suggested that if you decide not to continue with your current therapist you could refer yourself to iapt for an assessment . it may be the case that they would


us if you wish to discuss the matter further . yours sincerely   michelle whiteside   cbt therapist cc family ?           trust headquarters , 9th floor


although recently has only been taking lamotrigine 100 mg od . she continues to have skype therapy with a therapist in brazil on a weekly basis which she finds helpful .    care plan 1 .


, a&e or other services such as samaritans . you can also of course discuss any concerns with your therapist .    southwark & central iptt   mood anxiety and personality    clinical


me on the above number .   yours sincerely ,    cindy marie - jeanne occupational therapist zzzzz   reablement service    cc :  	 gp   	  	


   plan please monitor and refer if indicated   yours sincerely   hellen katali- cbt therapist   lewisham perinatal psychiatric team   ?         


as follows    : psychotherapist :   ms angela coshland      cat therapist date :    thursday 22nd january 2015 at 11 a.m. place :    tamworth


:    tamworth road resource centre on arrival please report to reception and they will let the therapist know you have arrived . at this slot we will be able to review your current needs for


, a&e or other services such as samaritans . you can also of course discuss any concerns with your therapist .        perinatal psychiatry outpatients   department of psychological medicine 


of the sessions offered with an improvement on outcome measurements .   .   unfortunately , her therapist had to unexpectedly terminate her sessions without notice in november last year . i subsequently discussed this with


, a&e or other services such as samaritans . you can also of course discuss any concerns with your therapist .    trust headquarters , 9th floor    mood anxiety and personality clinical academic


, a&e or other services such as samaritans . you can also of course discuss any concerns with your therapist .    				   	 criminal justice mental health service mental health in custody (


, a&e or other services such as samaritans . you can also of course discuss any concerns with your therapist .      perinatal psychiatry out - patients dept of psychological medicine   1st


  diazapam works as a short term treatment when very low 	 me , deborah , david , therapist gp   gp  	 seek professional support 	 my gp , therapist , helplines  


, deborah , david , therapist gp   gp  	 seek professional support 	 my gp , therapist , helplines    who has agreed this ? ( check all that apply )  


myself or others       take me to a&e or contact my care coordinator or therapist in a real crisis       tell me if they are worried about me


runs on either a monday afternoon or wednesday evening , both in the brixton area . please contact your therapist if you would like more information about this or would like to attend .   powered by


15th april at 5.00 pm .   kind regards ,     belen duran systemic family therapist   iptt lewisham   cc : helen heralall   dr rushey green gp practice 


 zzzzz   zzzzz   ( gp ) 11 aug 15 page 2 of 2   therapist name :   patient name : date : ^^ trust id number , t^ ' ^2 .


appointments at the team base - and her anger and hostility would be a significant concern to a future therapist .    · additionally , although zzzzz   is distressed by her symptoms and appears


this report helpful in understanding your difficulties .   referred by : ms faye jones trainee cognitive behavioural therapist zzzzz   iapt psychological therapies & wellbeing service wickham park house bethlem royal hospital monks orchard road


and they will provide you with a login code .    john harding   cognitive analytic therapist   cc : dr f. agha   woodside group practice woodside health centre 3 enmore road


team on the above number .   with best wishes   kimberlee bass   cognitive analytic therapist .   zzzzz   integrated psychological therapies service .   ?    


i look forward to hearing from you . with best wishes   kimberlee bass   cognitive analytic therapist   cipts   cc ; dr. f. agha . woodside group practice . 3 enmore road


