vomit at one point , related to pregnancy - sickness . very tearful throughout assessment .   speech- quiet , some long pauses . her mood was subjectively and objectively low with guilty cognitions and some hopelessness


. we also talked through some strategies for coping with exam stress . these included , working in a quiet space like the library , setting a timer for the start and end of breaks , and rewarding


in the future that a copy of the referral is sent to the service user . additionally it was quiet upsetting for you as you feel that currently you are not depressed .     the


taking care of his appearance as he found him to be very dishevelled , stating that he is unusually quiet , is socially withdrawn and is isolated .   mr stone reported that social isolation is usually


. his wife reported a change in his speech in the last fortnight , describing it as low and quiet . there was no evidence for suspicion of a neurological cause for this such as cva / tia


to stay up later until you are more tired 2 . make sure that the bedroom is dark and quiet at night 2 . make sure that the bedclothes are very comfortable and fresh 2 . keep your


to stay up later until you are more tired 2 . make sure that the bedroom is dark and quiet at night . 2 . make sure that the bedclothes are very comfortable and fresh 2 . keep


and stated that it is causing you to be more snappy at your friends , being irritable , staying quiet , staring into space and not noticing what goes on around you .   you said this


times . good rapport . no smiling .   speech :   normal volume and tone , quiet at times . little variation in speech .   mood :   subj – ‘low’ obj


negative   progress since admission zzzzz   was admitted as an informal patient and initially was very quiet and withdrawn on the ward . she was started on quetiapine and venlafaxine . the dose of venlafaxine


 - she has one brother aged 27 .   - reports good childhood difficulties ; reports being quiet in school and denies bully .    social assessment    ms zzzzz  


tearful at times . good rapport . no smiling .   speech : normal volume and tone , quiet at times . little variation in speech .   mood : subj – ‘low’ obj – low


negative   progress since admission zzzzz   was admitted as an informal patient and initially was very quiet and withdrawn on the ward . she was started on quetiapine and venlafaxine . the dose of venlafaxine


for him to be contacted by the cmht . she has stated that she is a very private and quiet person .   both parents deceased .   father died when miss zzzzz   was


