as protective factors .    risk to others : none , though epjs states she did put medication in her sons drink in 1999 . risk of self - neglect : minimal , though more social


 discharge plan :   zzzzz   is now discharged from our service .    medication to be monitored within primary care .   zzzzz   has now been referred to spts


team , kch   	  diagnosis : 	 mixed anxiety and depressive disorder previous antenatal depressive episode medication : 	 nil   	  identified problems / needs / risks :   patient ,


afternoon .    	  plan :   during pregnancy : noted talking therapy and psychotropic medication are not currently indicated but can be considered postnatally in case of any deterioration . advised to see


hopeless feeling down feeling depressed having little interest not feeling pleasure        psychiatric medication ( include name , dose , date of last review and compliance ) details : nono current mental


physical / medical history ( xxxx if yes , include further relevant information )   medical problems current medication bp bmi gtt smoking details : medical problems   29 oct 2019 at 20:15 page 2 of


dyskaryosis ( seen by colposcopy ) 29/08/2006 acne vulgaris ( seen by dermatolog , on roaccutane ) 01/01/2005 current medication showing data for period 01 - apr-2019 to current . no data found for the given period .


gp , you should continue to see your gp to discuss any concerns around your mental health or your medication . if you want to discuss anything in this letter please call me on 020 3228 9200 .


  zzzzz    sw16 2pg dear doctors ,   diagnosis : moderate depression   medication : venlafaxine xl 150 mg on   plan for gp : continue prescription for venlafaxine xl 150


switch from sertraline to venlafaxine . he has engaged well with the service and is currently stabilised upon his medication and is keen to continue at the current dose at present .    he has met


http://www.slam.nhs.uk"?www.slam.nhs.uk ?    duty phone ( gp only ) 07772895854       pharmacy medication advice line – 020 32282317       ? hyperlink " mailto:slm-tr.lambethalduty@nhs.net " ? slm-tr.lambethalduty@nhs.net


zzzzz   zzzzz    diagnosis : moderate depressive episode ( not bipolar disorder )   medication : sertraline 150 mgs mane ( increased 03/08/15 )   thank you for your referral of the


years and started to get panic attacks frequently whilst on it .   a private doctor changed her medication to sertraline last december and she has been on it since then .   she feels disconnected


.   she has no allergies . family history – her mother has panic attacks and is on medication . her grandmother was agoraphobic .   her father has ocd and anxiety .   alcohol


september 2015 zzzzz   self - referred herself back into lewisham young peoples service due to concerns regarding medication for adhd and her emerging low mood . zzzzz   was assessed and found to be low


a referral to baseline who supports young people with education and employment and an appointment with our psychiatrist for medication .   zzzzz   saw dr oxley and was prescribed sertraline ; she has written to


and was prescribed sertraline ; she has written to you with her update , she did not prescribe adhd medication initially as we were assessing the impact of the ssri .   zzzzz   was not


  zzzzz   was not able to attend a later appointment where we would have considered further medication .   unfortunately zzzzz   did not want to take up the cbt or the support


talk as she felt dizzy .   the main purpose of her visiting today was to review her medication and to discuss her discharge .   zzzzz   said her mood is no better and


7 days   take fluoxetine 20 mg every other day for 4 - 7 days   no medication for 4 - 7 days start citalopram 20 mg od    her nurse specialist will review


mg od    her nurse specialist will review her one last time to assess the response to medication ,   she will then be discharged from lpmht     yours   


health services in her native brazil where she had received psychological therapy and tried an extensive range of psychotropic medication listed in your referral . she indicated considerable problems during her upbringing , particularly in her relationship with


this being a source of tension between her and her husband .     in terms of medication , you will be aware that she had been using benzodiazepines in the long - term in the


are contraindicated for longer - term use in this country . she has tried a huge variety of psychotropic medication but told us that she really only felt that fluoxetine had been of sustained benefit for her ,


discontinued about three months ago when she was told it was not available in this country . the only medication she has been taking recently is lamotrigine 100 mg od . she was uncertain as to its benefits


