  	 maurice 	 king 	 unknown  	 / 	 male  	 zzzzz biological father /step parent  	 yes to youngest 	 black   british  	 unknown   	 	 	


	 |_|  	 young carer 	 |_| 	 youth offending 	 |_| 	 	    	 parent / carer  	 abuse / neglect - emotional abuse 	 	 abuse/ neglect – faith based 	


no , please state the reason(s ): 	 no contact with the children     	 the parent / carer knows why the contact is being made : 	 yes 	     


reason(s ): 	 not been able to state today making referral have discussed previously .   	 the parent / carer understand and agrees to information being shared with other services 	 yes 	   


sent 	       	 completed by 	     	 response to parent / carer / child or young person ( if not referrer and is applicable ) 	 yes 	


information please do not hesitate to contact me    yours sincerely ,    rhodie thomas parent support practitioner south zzzzz   and maudsley nhs foundation trust   parental mental health team |


long stay residential   5c . accommodation with other care support     6 . with parent / guardian / family    7 . mainstream housing   7a . local authority rent


is aware that her younger children are also going through life transitions which evidence the loss of a supporting parent in a more acute manner .   although zzzzz   has encouraged her children to remain


at camhs for daughter qqqqq   since may 2019 and have been working with zzzzz   for parent - based and parent - child camhs sessions since june 2019 .   · qqqqq  


qqqqq   since may 2019 and have been working with zzzzz   for parent - based and parent - child camhs sessions since june 2019 .   · qqqqq   came to be referred


children , concerns about lack of safe communication between parents ) .   · the aim of the parent - focused intervention has been around helping zzzzz   develop a more compassionate , attachment - based


engagement with zzzzz . there have seemed to be barriers for zzzzz   in making use of the parent - child sessions for qqqqq   e.g. she continues to struggle to show affection and warmth to


working long hours as a cleaner . although your mother provided practically for you growing up you felt neither parent ever showed you any particular interest and that your brother was clearly the more favoured child and these


women in general that this is their only value and purpose . the experience growing up of feeling neither parent paid you much love or interest has led to you feeling you have little value and now it


we continued to carry out home visit appointments to provide emotional support and referred mrs zzzzz   to parent and infant psychotherapy .   however , due to ongoing medical concern regarding her daughter and the


she did not want to accept .    zzzzz   reported being raised in a single parent household , explaining that she was born ‘into a lie’ , produced out of a one night stand


	 	 	 x  	 looking after children 	 	 	 x  	 looking after partner , parent or other family members 	 	 	 x  	 cultural or spiritual activities 	 	 	 x


but did not describe these today .    ms zzzzz   is struggling to co - parent with her husband and described frustrations , resentments and arguments around balancing childcare with his self - employment


’s relationship is developing well but continues to be troubled with negative thoughts and fears about herself as a parent , with fluctuating moods and tearfulness .     biographical background   zzzzz  


feelings .   plan   discussed and agreed with zzzzz   to make a referral for parent infant psychotherapy .   the referral has been accepted and our team will review support options while


different options . these might include on - going advice , further assessment , medication , psychological therapy , parent - infant support , or onward referrals to other services . we work closely with gp’s , midwives


to both children . she is feeling guilty and unsure about what is ‘good enough’ as a   parent of two .      zzzzz   is very anxious about the upcoming week


referred zzzzz   and alex to the ‘parents as partner’s’ project to help them think about how they parent together . zzzzz   has felt overwhelmed at items by her frustration with her partner . although


origin / immigration status 	 uk british    details of any special requirements for the child and/or parent / carer :  	         child(ren ) a young carer


the development of the unborn qqqqq , child or young person 	       	 parent / carer views of their parenting / any needs they have       


