already . zzzzz   was the victim of sexual assault some years later , through which her eldest daughter was conceived . zzzzz   is currently estranged from this daughter and stated this is because the


years later , through which her eldest daughter was conceived . zzzzz   is currently estranged from this daughter and stated this is because the daughter knowns “the truth” about the past . zzzzz   moved


daughter was conceived . zzzzz   is currently estranged from this daughter and stated this is because the daughter knowns “the truth” about the past . zzzzz   moved to england in 2001 , and has


  family history of perinatal mental illness ( xxxx if yes )   mother grandmother sister aunt daughter other none      details ( ( ( ( iiiinnnncccclllluuuuddddiiiinnnngggg     ddddiiiiaaaaggggnnnnoooossssiiiissss


  she had no suicidal ideation or intent and there were no psychotic phenomena .   her daughter was delightful , she sat in her buggy and smiled and chatted and was making good eye contact


be updated  	 outcome :        ms ihanatowicz - zzzzz , her daughter and support work also attended panel .   the outcome of panel was that there was not


in the household :  	 name 	 relationship 	 d.o.b./edd  	 qqqqq   qqqqq  	 daughter 	 qqqqq /20107  	 	 	  	 	 	  	 	 	  	 	


post birth group zzzzz   has been under the perinatal mental health team since the birth of her daughter qqqqq   in october . she struggles with coming to terms in becoming a mother , suffered


zzzzz   was seen at home for a further 3 appointments to support her parenting and relationship with daughter bella .   she continues to struggle to manage bella’s emotional outbursts and i have signposted her


to attend this appointment thereafter .   during this time , i discussed discharge to gp with her daughter who had also agreed to facilitate her attendance to our assessments but was unable to do so due


feedback of diagnosis :   feedback of our conclusions and recommendations was done by telephone call to her daughter qqqqq . they will also receive a copy of this report .  	 research participation : 


who present :   mrs zzzzz   zzzzz ; ms qqqqq   zzzzz   ( daughter ) ; portuguese interpreter maria de jesus  	 reason for referral : known to have depression ,


referral : known to have depression , treated with citalopram , currently clinically euthymic . family concerned very forgetful- daughter noticed the decline . pt’s mother had dementia from a young age : ( 50s ) . leaving


and showered wearing it .   · hears a phone ringing when none is ringing ; will ask daughter “did you call me?” when she hasn’t   	 psychiatric history :   history of anxiety


evidence of regional hypometabolism to suggest intrinsic neurodegenerative disease .    	 current medication : husband and daughter remind her to take these . · citalopram 20 mg tablets   · | levothyroxine sodium 100microgram


and missed a lot of it as she was responsible for caring for her younger sisters . had one daughter at a young age ( daughter is 35 ) . married later . worked as a cook in


as she was responsible for caring for her younger sisters . had one daughter at a young age ( daughter is 35 ) . married later . worked as a cook in a restaurant . spent 5 years


.   	 social support & activities of daily living :    lives with husband , daughter and a cat . daughter has taken over the shopping . swims for exercise .  	 finance


support & activities of daily living :    lives with husband , daughter and a cat . daughter has taken over the shopping . swims for exercise .  	 finance   daughter and husband


a cat . daughter has taken over the shopping . swims for exercise .  	 finance   daughter and husband have taken over managing the bills because she forgets .  	 mental state exam :


can change very rapidly : she can be very moody .   forgets to turn off cooker : daughter does not leave her alone in the kitchen any more . has smoke alarms .   she


	 current social circumstances    zzzzz   lives with her partner and her seven year old daughter . she reports that the relationship with her partner has improved in the past week .  


out of bed . she stopped talking to her partner and friends and did not enjoy playing with her daughter . she has suicidal thoughts and in early november took herbal remedy from poland that she fully expected


her previous behaviour ( isolating herself , staying in bed , not attending to adls , not playing with daughter ) she has felt supported and that people do care about her .    zzzzz 


helpful . she has been keeping herself busy outside work and has been attending to adls and taking her daughter to school .    no psychotic symptoms reported .    zzzzz   has


