mood is ok , and that his sleep and appetite are stable .   he has been gaining weight since discharge , but he believes this is due to a change in his activity levels . 


me she is due to go on maternity leave in 3 weeks time . she has been putting on weight during current pregnancy , going from 51 kg to 58kg ( height 1.67 m , current bmi 20.8


she had a difficult experience at boarding school in france ( she did not like it ) and her weight dropped from 51 kg to 46 kg . she said she never received psychological or psychiatric support but


disturbed due to frequency and extent of these hallucinations .   his appetite is also affected with reported weight loss .   he feels tired as a result of poor sleep .   risk assessment


.    i will consider whether to prescribe additional medication to reduce the side - effect of weight gain .   i will review her again in one month’s time .    yours


and helps with her symptoms of depressions .     she is complaint with citalopram and reports weight gain since taking this medication . she does not wish her medication to be changed as she feels


manage 3 - 4 hours of sleep described anxiety related to stressors , appetite – increase in appetite and weight gain . denied anhedonia , l decreased energy nod levels and hopelessness . feels motivated to support her


referral to memory clinic .   7 . i have given lifestyle modification advice regarding including exercise for weight management .   8 . follow up review on 25th may at 11 am to monitor progress


’s father who was threatening to leave and later ‘walked out’.    there were concerns about baby’s weight and zzzzz   feared for baby’s survival .    previous notes indicate that following a


12 - jan-2015 body mass index 18.47 kg / m2   12 - jan-2015 o / e - weight 51.5 kg   12 - jan-2015 o / e - height 167 cm   09 -


12 - jan-2015 body mass index 18.47 kg / m2   12 - jan-2015 o / e - weight 51.5 kg   12 - jan-2015 o / e - height 167 cm   09 -


.   on a bad day , she stays in bed for days without eating . she reported weight loss but not sure how much . she did not appear to be underweight .   not


at her first midwife visit zzzzz   was told that she had lost 20 % of her body weight and that she may need admitting to the neonatal unit .   qqqqq   wasn’t admitted


to the neonatal unit .   qqqqq   wasn’t admitted as she had not lost as much weight but zzzzz   was told that she needed to ‘feed her up’ with formula milk and this


are adjusting to parenthood .   qqqqq   is bottle fed ; is healthy and putting on weight and all three are now sleeping .   zzzzz   feels that her and qqqqq ’s


feeding which exacerbated thoughts of not being a good mother .   baby , qqqqq , had lost weight and hospital treatment had been considered .   zzzzz   suffered a haemorrhage about a week


reported that she has also been prescribed mirtazapine , but found this very sedating and found that she gained weight .   past medical history : miss zzzzz   reported nil of note , but stated


is feeling better about these afterwards . he has recently started to take an interest in putting on some weight , having lost a stone and a half in the last few years and has been looking into


ideas of dsh or any suicidality . sleep- good appetite- reports eating too much and says she’s putting on weight . she does regular and daily walking exercises to counter weight gain . thought - no formal thought


eating too much and says she’s putting on weight . she does regular and daily walking exercises to counter weight gain . thought - no formal thought disorder .   perception- no hallucinations or delusions . cognition-


u+es ( including serum creatinine   & egfi ) , prolactin and lfts .   2 . weight , waist circumference & bmi ; if becoming overweight - healthy lifestyle   interventions to be offered


monitoring is carried out in primary care - fbc , u&es , blood lipids , lfts plasma glucose and weight and bp is measured on a yearly basis • zzzzz   is aware of a crisis plan


team :   adult cystic fibrosis   reason for admission to hospital :   extremely low weight , exacerbation of cf   current medical problems :   cystic fibrosis , depression  


referral :   cf patient with long history of depression . complex family situation . unable to maintain weight or adherence to treatments at home despite intensive in home intervention . questions over capacity / vulnerable adult


  nhs number : zzzzz   zzzzz zzzzz zzzzz    diagnosis : no eating disorder weight ( 30.6.17 ): 109.2kgs ; bmi : 40   mrs zzzzz   presented with a history


