reports that attended appointments with a psychiatrist from the ages of 11 - 16 years . · 1999 -serious suicide attempt at which time , she also admitted to me that she had put tablet in a glass


 no   x    brief risk screen of detained person    risk of suicide y      n   x    risk of self harm 


eye contact and no speech and language issues . she denies any current thoughts to self harm or attempt suicide . she denies experiencing any auditory or visual hallucinations .   mood and mental state is stable


be considered for the next cohort of kwpb group .   	 risk history : self harm / suicide / domestic abuse :  	 n / a   	 professionals / agencies involved : 


though at times slightly flat .   he denies any thoughts or plans of self - harm or suicide . there was no evidence of ftd , delusional thought content , or perceptual disturbance .    


she finds , leaves her exhausted .   she denied any thoughts pertaining to self - harm or suicide today .   she spent some time talking about her frustration that her hair has not grown


risk assessment :    mrs zzzzz   denied any thoughts pertaining to self - harm or suicide today .   her poor cognition may lead to some difficulties in her home environment through accidents


may indicate the dementia sub - type . )   	 risks : has in the past considered suicide . once almost threw herself from a second floor . and has threatened multiple times to her family


a current concern when we met again in november .   she said that she would not commit suicide due to not wanting to hurt her mum . zzzzz   mentioned ongoing low mood which fluctuates


father side of the family ( father bipolar disorder and grandmother who most likely , he said , committed suicide ) . there was no evidence of psychotic symptoms or behaviours suggestive of psychosis . he was able


.   “i saw blood on his face . his eyes were still moving and moving.” thoughts of suicide - said he wants to die , but his children will miss him too much , particularly his


.    from a risk perspective , mr zzzzz   does not have a history of suicide attempts or self - harm and has always denied suicidal ideation , planning and intent when asked about


has not been good for a while . she denied thought , intention of plan of harming herself or suicide attempts or harming others .   there was no formal thought disorders or any other psychotic symptoms


in place to allow him to attend appointments .   mr zzzzz   has reported two previous suicide attempts ; one in the 1980s and the other in the early 2000s . however , his risk


irritable , labile , optimistic or pessimistic , energy levels , motivation , anger , anxiety , thoughts of suicide , guilt , hope , self esteem , sleep , appetite , worthlessness , anhedonia )  


          	 b. does the person have a history of suicide attempts ? 	 yes              


       	 e. * * if no , does the person pose a suicide risk ? 	 yes              


although she reported feeling worthless she reassured me that she was not experiencing any thoughts of self harm or suicide . she also reassured me that if she sjhould , she would seek professional help immediatly . 


aspects of custody   process and my assessment today .    	 	 to self ( suicide , deliberate self harm , accidental self harm , self neglect , addiction , recklessness )  


a quick recovery and therefore was under the team for only a short period . she felt remorseful about suicide attempt and was more positive about her future . current risk    to self : 


: · suicidal ideation · act with suicidal intent · history of a family member or friend dying by suicide ( please state method ) · self - injury or harm · self - neglect · access to


method ) · self - injury or harm · self - neglect · access to methods of harm / suicide · harmful eating patterns  	 risk event history : 	 * * * mhlt uclh , sadia


helps other people . can not eat foods ; is on sachet meals and reports poor sleep . nil suicide plan or intent .   mhlt uclh 14/12/2016 attended a&e with medical problem and when she did


children and zzzzz   has mixed feelings about this .  	 risk history : self harm / suicide / domestic abuse :  	 no risk history disclosed to me . past domestic abuse ( emotional


reported the trigger to be a student complaining about her work and recent bereavement of her father who committed suicide last year and ill health of her mother .   miss zzzzz   also reported that


