i.e. diagnosis , past psychiatric admissions , history of relapse )   depression severe depression postnatal depression anxiety bipolar affective schizophrenia schizo affective illness psychosis in postnatal period alcohol / substance misuse past psychiatric admissions  


 zzzzz zzzzz   zzzzz   zzzzz    diagnosis : moderate depressive episode ( not bipolar disorder )   medication : sertraline 150 mgs mane ( increased 03/08/15 )   thank you


pm .     she said her mood was 6/10 with 10 being the worse . ? bipolar when taking drugs , but nothing since she has stopped taking them .   her concentration she


– the patient was taking drugs when she was much younger when it was queried if she might have bipolar .   her high episode stopped after she stopped taking drugs . she seems to have unipolar


relationship with her mother with whom she has now cut off contact and who has a diagnosis of a bipolar disorder . she had moved around a lot in brazil , largely because of her husband taking up


future . he said that there is history of mental illness in father side of the family ( father bipolar disorder and grandmother who most likely , he said , committed suicide ) . there was no evidence


             	 	 anxiety 	 x 	 bipolar 	  	 care programme approach ( cpa ) 	 	 delusional thoughts 	 	 depression 	 x


      ? anxiety           ? bipolar affective         ? schizophrenia       


my impression is that zzzzz   is likely to have emotionally unstable personality traits ( rather than a bipolar illness ) . zzzzz   has received this diagnosis in the past . i have discussed this


problems   diagnosed with depression as a teenager , past treatment on many occasions . reported diagnoses of bipolar , bipolar 2 , borderline personality disorder in past from different trusts , unsure which is most accurate


 diagnosed with depression as a teenager , past treatment on many occasions . reported diagnoses of bipolar , bipolar 2 , borderline personality disorder in past from different trusts , unsure which is most accurate , though


to secondary care , client happy with this .   problem descriptor at start of treatment   bipolar affective disorder .   current problem descriptor   bipolar affective disorder .   outcome measures


problem descriptor at start of treatment   bipolar affective disorder .   current problem descriptor   bipolar affective disorder .   outcome measures   date phq9gad7wsas 26/07/2017 15 13 38   kind


      ? xanxiety           ? bipolar affective           ? schizophrenia     


november 2010 . please see epjs for full details . zzzzz   was given a provisional diagnosis of bipolar spectrum disorder . zzzzz   was believed to be at risk of developing psychosis . based on


      ? anxiety           ? bipolar affective         ? schizophrenia       


     x ? anxiety           ? bipolar affective         ? schizophrenia       


postnatal   depression . zzzzz   also felt low during her pregnancy . zzzzz 's mother had bipolar   disorder . zzzzz   has had suicidal thought in the past , has not felt


history mother suffered depression whilst suffering from terminal uterine cancer .   phillipa stated that her father had bipolar - like traits he was never on medication , never saw a psychiatrist and remained high functioning -


 i agreed with her . however , given her previous diagnosis of post partum psychosis and suspicion of bipolar ,   i encouraged her to maintain the mood diary so we can rule out the possibility


,   i encouraged her to maintain the mood diary so we can rule out the possibility of bipolar . she reluctantly agreed with this .    she also inquired if she can take increased


a breakdown in 2015 after your wife was admitted to the bethlem hospital due to a relapse of her bipolar diagnosis .   you were left to cope with looking after your children and home and could


a&e with thoughts and plans of suicide .   this was in the context of your wife’s recent bipolar relapse and admission to the bethlem hospital leaving you at home in charge of the house and the


your breakdown . family psychiatric history   you think one of your sisters may have a diagnosis of bipolar affective disorder as she has been in and out of psychiatric wards .   you were not


other formal psychiatric history in your family of origin .   your wife has an established diagnosis of bipolar affective disorder for which she has been hospitalised on at least one occasion . goals   you


