 plan - following discussion with you , we agreed on 2 goals for the zzzzz   reablement intervention . these were within 12 weeks :   1 . to be able to feel safe in


sessions but ? benefit at present    3 . what is the rationale for htt and suggested intervention and expected outcome / aim ?   increased support and management of medication for a short period


  dr sameer jauhar locum consultant psychiatrist   gaitree ramnarine acting team leader   coast early intervention queens resource centre 66a queens road croydon cr0 2pr   telephone : 020 3228 5864 fax :


advice given / practitioners recommendation   	    csc ) – request for children’s social care intervention  	 outcomes  	 signpost to universal services 	  |_|   	 signpost to early


   zzzzz zzzzz zzzzz   zzzzz   psychosis clinical academic group   coast early intervention queens resource centre 66a queens road croydon cr0 2pr   tele : 020 3228 5864 fax :


a significant mood and anxiety component to ms zzzzz ’s presentation and i think she would benefit from psychological intervention .   together with ms zzzzz   we agreed the following plan :   plan


about lack of safe communication between parents ) .   · the aim of the parent - focused intervention has been around helping zzzzz   develop a more compassionate , attachment - based understanding of her


stay involved . zzzzz   might feel ready by the end of september to access a group parenting intervention outside of camhs – i would be happy to discuss your thoughts about how camhs and parental mental


when pregnant with daughter and followed up after birth .   referred to parents as partners but this intervention ended early because of what zzzzz   describes as alex becoming extremely angry in the group due


with zzzzz   we have agreed that she currently does not meet criteria for secondary care mental health intervention . we will now close zzzzz ’s case to lewisham assessment & liaison service but will encourage a


   plan - following discussion with you , we agreed on 2 goals for the croydon reablement intervention . these were :   1 . to attend social clubs in croydon , as you are


, yos , probation etc …     information that you provide to ship ( single homeless intervention & prevention ) will also be shared with the services that we want to support you . 


dr john joyce , consultant psychiatrist    jean lawlor , team leader    lewisham early intervention service    59 cordwell road   zzzzz   se13 5qy   tele :


2015 and discharged in mid - january 2016 . she is currently under the care of the lewisham early intervention service . i have seen her for two brief reviews and i am writing to update you on


is to be reduced to monthly   iapt – online cbt and expecting call back for possible further intervention   summary   zzzzz   is a 33 year old first time mother with considerable


which i hope will serve her well with her move . plan   to liaise with iapt regarding intervention to offer follow up appointment to support parenting before she moves to chelmsford   to support attendance


which were all normal .   core –om = 0.44 which is under the cut off point for intervention 1.00 .   ces –depression = 6 indicating no signs or symptoms of depression phq9 = 3


an alcoholic .   zzzzz   engaged in counselling shortly after her mother’s death but felt this intervention was too soon , following her bereavement .   3 years later zzzzz   sought counselling


. complex family situation . unable to maintain weight or adherence to treatments at home despite intensive in home intervention . questions over capacity / vulnerable adult . cf psychologist will call team to arrange   .


fluoxetine capsules 40 mg od po   prescription and follow up has been handed over to adult early intervention team who will review and monitor for side effects ; therefore the dose of her medication might have


also experiences auditory hallucinations and these also improved without fully resolving . for these she was referred to early intervention team . they then referred her to the adult early intervention team who has kindly took over zzzzz


. for these she was referred to early intervention team . they then referred her to the adult early intervention team who has kindly took over zzzzz ’s further treatment and follow - up .   


harm they should telephone your surgery or seek emergency advice from their local a&e department and the adult early intervention team . .   patient goals currently , zzzzz   has made good progress regarding her


 details for zzzzz ’s new team are below :   courtney flint ( social worker ) early intervention team   erith centre   park crescent   erith   da8 3ee phone :


 shooters hill   london   se18 3rz courtney flint ( social worker )   early intervention team   erith centre   park crescent   erith   da8 3ee  


