also became tearful when discussing past trauma and the disagreement that led to her a&e admission .   speech : normal rate and content . low volume - though this might have been due to not wanting


  she is alert and orientated to time and place .   good eye contact and no speech and language issues . she denies any current thoughts to self harm or attempt suicide . she denies


self - care and independent mobility in his wheelchair and normal behaviour throughout our appointment .   his speech was normal . he reports his mood is “ok” , and he appears euthymic , with reactive affect


stories regarding silly things she’s done . seems to enjoy the interview . gives good effort on testing . speech : normal in rate , rhythm and flow . mainly portuguese language , does use a little english


good rapport . there was no evidence of any psychomotor agitation or retardation or any abnormal movements . his speech was unremarkable in all aspects . his mood was objectively and subjectively euthymic and there were no significant


back and forth through his hair .   fleeting eye contact smiled inappropriately and was easily distracted . speech was flat in tone . sleep reported to be poor . “i want to sleep!” said the voices


state examination : mrs zzzzz   was casually dressed , she was well kempt .   her speech was normal in rate , rhythm and tone .   her mood was subjectively low and objectively


substance misuse :       learning disability :        speech / language / communication :        other :    


  	 13 . mental state examination 	 	 guidance  	   appearance , behaviour , speech : pleasant middle aged lady , dressed appropriatly . she was often tearful throughout the assessment , however


had a reactive affect . she demonstrated capacity throught the assessment , nil abnormalities noted in either behaviour or speech .   mood : she reported that she feels sad a lot of the time , she


gait ) behaviour ( facial expression , aggression / arousal , agitation , rapport , co - operation ) speech ( form and pattern , volume and rate , coherence , logical , coherent , congruent ) 


appropriately , dressed , well kempt , and cooperative with good rapport and eye contact .   her speech was normal .   there were some visible movements at times .   she was subjectively


. she was not distracted and was co - operative through - out the meeting .    speech – she spoke in urdu . her speech was coherent and spontaneous . her speech was normal in


- operative through - out the meeting .    speech – she spoke in urdu . her speech was coherent and spontaneous . her speech was normal in rate , volume and tone .  


.    speech – she spoke in urdu . her speech was coherent and spontaneous . her speech was normal in rate , volume and tone .    mood   - objectively –


overworked .     presents as slightly on edge .   eye contact is good and speech is normal in rate , tone and content .     unable to rate mood when


casually dressed , fairly kempt , co - operative with good rapport and eye contact .   her speech was coherent and normal in rate , tone and pitch .   her mood was subjectively and


  was well presented and a reasonable rapport was established ; she gave good eye contact and her speech was normal in rate , tone and volume .    mood - subjectively rated her mood


examination    appearance and behaviour : smart and casually dressed , spontaneous and good eye contact . speech : appropriate in tone rate and content . mood : stated low in mood , can not see


for much of the review and appeared heavy - eyed and frequently tearful . normal rhythm and volume of speech , which could be somewhat rapid at times when patient anxious / distressed . mood was subjectively and


was well kempt today , he seemed relaxed and brighter in mood smiling and laughing on occasion . his speech was normal in tone , rate and volume . there was no evidence of any formal thought disorder


rapport . he was mostly looking at the floor or elsewhere while conversing with us .    speech was of normal rate and volume and over inclusive and gave detailed information , not allowing us to


in self - harming behaviours .   she denied historic of current suicidal ideation .    speech : normal in rate , tone , volume and content .   speech was coherent and spontaneous


ideation .    speech : normal in rate , tone , volume and content .   speech was coherent and spontaneous .     thought processes and content : thought processes appeared logical


agitation or retardation , tearful at one point when discussing medication , good eye contact , rapport established . speech normal in rate rhythm and volume . coherent and relevant . mood subjectively ok , objectively euthymic ,


