 · 2015 – self presented at a&e with deterioration in mood and fleeting suicidal thoughts , exacerbated by relationship difficulties ( ex - partner / full - time carer ) . discharged and referred to the assessment


in the areas listed ) ( xxxx if yes )   social support ( or lack of ) relationship with partner relationship with family employment immigration / seeking asylum housing / homelessness financial / debts offending behaviour


listed ) ( xxxx if yes )   social support ( or lack of ) relationship with partner relationship with family employment immigration / seeking asylum housing / homelessness financial / debts offending behaviour   details


of psychotropic medication listed in your referral . she indicated considerable problems during her upbringing , particularly in her relationship with her mother with whom she has now cut off contact and who has a diagnosis of a


: 	 southwark perinatal mental health team   	 contact number / email : 	 michelle.parker@slam.nhs.uk 02032293234 	 relationship   with client : 	 perinatal mental health nursery nurse   	 person referred  	


se15 4pu     	 children and other adults in the household :  	 name 	 relationship 	 d.o.b./edd  	 qqqqq   qqqqq  	 daughter 	 qqqqq /20107  	 	 	


terms in becoming a mother , suffered a lot of birth trauma and initially struggled in building a positive relationship with qqqqq . she was very low , tearful and due to the pain from c - section


  zzzzz   was seen at home for a further 3 appointments to support her parenting and relationship with daughter bella .   she continues to struggle to manage bella’s emotional outbursts and i have


 zzzzz   lives with her partner and her seven year old daughter . she reports that the relationship with her partner has improved in the past week .     she returned to work


due to worrying , before returning to sleep . she described her low mood relating to difficulties in her relationship with her dad . she would ideally like to move into her own accommodation and was looking into


was initially referred to camhs in may 2018 , her gp made a mash referral concerning zzzzz ’s strained relationship with her father , and her desire to leave home . the mash social worker wrote to you


had been living with her mum . unfortunately since being in zzzzz , she has described having a difficult relationship with her father , who she lives with . these relationship problems contribute to her experiencing symptoms of


zzzzz , she has described having a difficult relationship with her father , who she lives with . these relationship problems contribute to her experiencing symptoms of low and fluctuating moods , and some suicidal thoughts , but


helpful . ms zzzzz   said things improved gradually when she moved to university and started a romantic relationship there .    she had a further episode of depression in 2013 , in the context


eastern france ) ; her parents divorced about 4 - 5 years ago , however , she said their relationship was difficult as father cheated on mother and they argued a lot . she said the atmosphere in


in childhood and has been suffering from depression throughout her life . ms zzzzz   said her own relationship with mother is sometimes difficult , especially when mother becomes depressed .   past medical history 


. she is currently expecting her first child , due in october 2015 . she is in a stable relationship , her pregnancy was planned and she is going to have support from both her and partner’s parents


                   relationship :          eldest child   please state reason for


first referred to the family therapy clinic in april 2016 and at that time the focus was around her relationship with her partner qqqqq .    zzzzz   and her partner qqqqq   were


on their communication skills . we also touched on their attachment styles and how that might be influencing their relationship . we explored patterns of behavior that might contribute to lack of communication .    


 at times . in addition there were a number of external pressures which placed stress on the couple relationship and demands of their daughter who was studying abroad .    nevertheless they have explored different


friend who has given her notice and is in contact with council to try and find an accommodation . relationship with mother broke down because of circumstances surrounding pregnancy : has had to leave croydon on 1st of


few days , in the context of low to none social and emotional support and a violent and threatening relationship with baby’s father . she requires further assessment and management in a safe therapeutic environment , where other


about the unborn baby and feels that they are not practically or emotionally prepared for the baby . her relationship with her husband has become very strained as he feels she should be trying harder to be reliable


to problems at home .    she got married to her husband 7 years ago . their relationship was good up until recent months .    no known history of drug or alcohol abuse


