moments in the past when you talked like a baby and other times when you have been violent and aggressive towards your husband in response to feeling poorly treated by him .   you had some brief


	 schedule 1 / dangerous offender / mappa client 	 	  	 verbal abuse 	 	  	 aggressive or intimidating behaviour 	 	  	 physical aggression / violence 	 	  	 non - cooperation


his mother also presented with a “grey , cold feeling” towards him .   she was never physically aggressive towards him but sometimes threw her drinks at him in addition to the ongoing emotional abuse and control


behaviour- casually dressed , well - mannered lady who made good eye contact and rapport . not irritable , aggressive or distractible . engaged reasonably well with assessment .   speech- normal rhythm , rate , tone


she has no suicidal urges or impulses and denied any history of self - harm . there were no aggressive ideas . she denied psychotic features . there were no hallucinations delusions or obsessions in particular no visual


she has no suicidal urges or impulses and denied any history of self - harm . there were no aggressive ideas . she denied psychotic features . there were no hallucinations delusions or obsessions in particular no visual


one sister who is 3 1/2 years younger .   his father had a temper and was physically aggressive towards his mother .   his father 's attitude was often demeaning and undermining and they did


 formulation some long term history suggesting underlying emotional instability leading mainly to self - harm but also some aggressive outbursts . there is regular cocaine misuse . over the last few years and especially the last few


also undergone a court case for abh against a night club steward , whom it was alleged had been aggressive towards his girlfriend provoking an aggressive response . · what do they expect from treatment and how motivated


abh against a night club steward , whom it was alleged had been aggressive towards his girlfriend provoking an aggressive response . · what do they expect from treatment and how motivated are they to receive it ?


house with the2 young children , her boyfriend and her three siblings .   zzzzz   was aggressive and violent towards her second child father and partner at the time . she was mute , delusional


low mood and anxiety , she is tearful at least once per week , and becomes irritable but not aggressive . she said that she feels she is lazy these days , she does not want to bathe


his mother also presented with a “grey , cold feeling” towards him .   she was never physically aggressive towards him but sometimes threw her drinks at him in addition to the ongoing emotional abuse and control


snot   made any attempts on her life or expressed suicidal ideation . she has not been physically aggressive .      interview with zzzzz   on mbu   zzzzz  


