5 . any issues relating to treatment e.g. positive or negative experience on previous medications , current feelings or beliefs about medication and services has taken citalopram in the past and currently on sertraline . has not found


neglected to organize pick up of his psychotropic medication . this seems to be related to both personal health beliefs ( that he can manage on his own ) and practical barriers ( such as leaving the house


risk guide  	 include protective factors / aggravating factors ( alcohol / drugs , family support , religious beliefs , etc )   where there may be risk to others ( adult / children ) –


we understood ms zzzzz   difficulties within the context of low self - esteem . we identified core beliefs ( " i am a failure . " , " i am not good enough " ) and


. it was spontaneous and fluent . there was no thought disorder and he did not express any delusional beliefs .   he was orientated to person , place and time and had good insight into his


as reported .   no over - valued or delusional ideas .   no paranoid or persecutory beliefs .   perceptions :   no abnormal perceptions elicited in any of the sensory modalities .


     in the past month , ms zzzzz   has not had any distressing beliefs , therefore the psyrats    beliefs questionnaire was not completed .     


month , ms zzzzz   has not had any distressing beliefs , therefore the psyrats    beliefs questionnaire was not completed .       in terms of general distress , on


for therapy .      as he has not heard any voices or had any distressing beliefs in the past month , the    psyrats voices and beliefs questionnaires were not completed .


any voices or had any distressing beliefs in the past month , the    psyrats voices and beliefs questionnaires were not completed .       in terms of general distress , on


  follow - up pre-   booster    psyrats-   voices    beliefs       39    n / a     


he has had thoughts of walking out into the cold inadequately dressed .   he has strong catholic beliefs , goes to the confessional and regards suicide as a sin against the holy spirit and therefore unforgivable


, but was given the message that he was not emotionally developed and this remains one of his core beliefs about himself .   during his adult life , he has managed to hold together his family


.   for the time being , i think relationships within his family as well as his religious beliefs are significantly protective factors to prevent him trying to end his life once again .   


and partner at the time . she was mute , delusional ideas about killing 2 month daughter lea . beliefs that someone liked to kill her and people getting murdered . before hospital admission , zzzzz  


criticism . we explored some of your early life experiences to help recognize where some of the negative core beliefs ( about the self , others and future ) “the world is a dangerous place” , “people are


low mood and no current suicidality .   in the last few weeks it appears that her delusional beliefs about being in a financial disaster and at risk of homelessness have lifted .   she currently


to attend the psychological interventions clinic for outpatients with psychosis ( picup ) in view of her persisting delusional beliefs , but as these appear to have responded to medication this referral may no longer be necessary .


1 . adrien moungabio will contact the picup service to discuss the recent change in ms zzzzz ’s abnormal beliefs and if they consider a referral is no longer appropriate , he will arrange for a referral for


5 . any issues relating to treatment e.g. positive or negative experience on previous medications , current feelings or beliefs about medication and services feels that medication of paliperidol depot is not beneficial but continues to take it


we were able to have frank conversations about what the difficulties were , what some of the thoughts and beliefs fuelling the anxiety about emotions might be and start to think together finding different ways around this .


you were able to build up your confidence around your emotions and to revise some of your thoughts and beliefs . we framed our work as steps towards widening the “window of tolerance” for emotions , being able


to discuss this further . 5 ) the views of the patient , including their concerns , hopes and beliefs in relation to the tribunal proceedings and their outcome .   miss zzzzz   doesn’t agree


that news stories are a form of communication ) . seeming agitated . possibly asking others about experiences and beliefs . everything feels as if closing in .   · vivid dreams that disrupt sleep further (


that news stories are a form of communication ) . seeming agitated . possibly asking others about experiences and beliefs . everything feels as if closing in .   · vivid dreams that disrupt sleep further (


