period and as such has few memories of her pregnancy . zzzzz   did not stay with the father of her child , as he was married already . zzzzz   was the victim of sexual


    details :    family mental health history ( xxxx if yes ) partner father mother sibling   client’s child other       details ( ( ( (


– her mother has panic attacks and is on medication . her grandmother was agoraphobic .   her father has ocd and anxiety .   alcohol and substance history – she only drinks once a week


last six months . she had hoped to get back into employment herself . they travelled here with her father who is in his late 80s . he has lived with them for some time . the plan


inevitably associated with subsequent misfortune . she wakes every day dreading the care she will have to offer her father , feeling unrefreshed , low in mood , too anxious to leave the property on her own ,


own , and thinking about a future in which she worries about a series of caring roles for her father and her husband 's relatives . she feels that she will never be able to fulfil her own


period of stabilisation . we will also direct her to carers lewisham , given her caring role with her father . i think it is going to be difficult for her to get significant support whilst he remains


to camhs in may 2018 , her gp made a mash referral concerning zzzzz ’s strained relationship with her father , and her desire to leave home . the mash social worker wrote to you , and a


her living and financial situation . they then closed the case as zzzzz   did not want her father informed about her concerns .    education   zzzzz   was previously studying tourism


with her mum . unfortunately since being in zzzzz , she has described having a difficult relationship with her father , who she lives with . these relationship problems contribute to her experiencing symptoms of low and fluctuating


her parents divorced about 4 - 5 years ago , however , she said their relationship was difficult as father cheated on mother and they argued a lot . she said the atmosphere in the family was not


sister ( aged 35 ) and ms zzzzz . she denied any history of physical or sexual abuse . father used to work as a salesman , currently retired .   ms zzzzz   also reported


retired .   ms zzzzz   also reported that her mother was beaten up by her own father in childhood and has been suffering from depression throughout her life . ms zzzzz   said her


some side effects from the medication too , mainly diarrhoea .   he also talked about his ill father and feels he should go and visit him , but at the moment it is too hot and


her sister with a knife . has been involved in abusive relationships : domestic violence in paternal home ( father ) , first husband was very violent , and baby’s father also violent .   has very


relationships : domestic violence in paternal home ( father ) , first husband was very violent , and baby’s father also violent .   has very little social support . she is currently staying with a friend


of circumstances surrounding pregnancy : has had to leave croydon on 1st of june as her partner ( baby’s father ) is a violent man , physically abusive to her and has made threats to her and baby


a copy of the document . no to my knowledge . who has parental responsibility – mother and ( father ? )   mother has parental responsibility but partner not involved .   formal risk assessment


in the context of low to none social and emotional support and a violent and threatening relationship with baby’s father . she requires further assessment and management in a safe therapeutic environment , where other pharmacological and treatment


colombia for a couple of weeks on a family visit with her children to pay respects to her sick father .    her psychiatric diagnosis :   postnatal depression ( pnd ) and managed on


panic attack and anxiety symptoms in the future . he said that there is history of mental illness in father side of the family ( father bipolar disorder and grandmother who most likely , he said , committed


the future . he said that there is history of mental illness in father side of the family ( father bipolar disorder and grandmother who most likely , he said , committed suicide ) . there was no


	 christian   	 maurice 	 king 	 unknown  	 / 	 male  	 zzzzz biological father /step parent  	 yes to youngest 	 black   british  	 unknown   	


who had stated oliva had returned to lewisham over the weekend to where there family home was with the father ( perpetrator ) , the refuge worker had invited her to attend key work session to go over


schools frequently , and although he denies suffering any specific traumas as a child he has referred to his father as being preoccupied with his work and struggling to establish a close bond with him . it was


