who visits regularly . she said she goes to the coffee shop once or twice a week but is anxious about being judged negatively . she worries about gossip in the community . she says she has one


is worse than before and her memory is variable .   past psychiatric history – she first had anxious mood about fifteen years ago .   she has been on fluoxetine and valium . past medical


being highly sensitive , losing control of her temper , as well as feeling low in mood and often anxious .     she and her husband had visited zzzzz   six years ago and


dreading the care she will have to offer her father , feeling unrefreshed , low in mood , too anxious to leave the property on her own , and thinking about a future in which she worries about


problems .    they felt she was depressed on review by memory clinic , tearful and highly anxious but there was no difficulty with regard to word selection .   she presented with hopelessness and


energy levels so she can look after dog . food is tasteless in her mouth . she reported feeling anxious all the time , sweating – with heart beating fast .   agrees she is depressed ,


rope to hang self when ready to end her life , sees having the rope as ‘security’ has felt anxious and nervous all her growing up years 5 . any issues relating to treatment e.g. positive or negative


needs to move . if she stays in one room for more than 4 hours , she becomes very anxious and needs to go out . she sees dirt on the walls which no one else can see


“to take care of myself.” proud of her body : happy to walk around the home naked . when anxious , shopping calms her : likes all kinds of shops but generally sticks to primark and poundland because


her 7 year old step daughter moved into their one   bedroom flat , she has become increasingly anxious with physiological panic symptoms and anxiety in small rooms , large crowds and on buses etc . this


for a larger place due to overcrowding but is waiting to hear back from them . she feels very anxious about the housing situation as there is no space for a new baby at home .  


at home .    mental state examination   well kempt in clean clothing , appeared slightly anxious and uncomfortable in the room , went out to vomit at one point , related to pregnancy -


   despite my input over this time , mr zzzzz   has continued to present as anxious and low in mood with poor motivation and an underlying sense of helplessness and low self - worth


being diagnosed with leukaemia and more recently separation from his wife . his history also suggests long - standing anxious - avoidant personality traits and low self - esteem which may well have their root in his upbringing


symptoms etc . , difficulties accessing services )    subjective :   objective :   anxious ,   medication(s ):   contraindications :    circumstances of admission :  


mg .   it will qqqqq   a difficult few days for zzzzz ; she is extremely anxious due qqqqq   the upcoming court case about her appeal for asylum on 17/07/2015 .  


some examples :    ( feeling unmotivated and having no energy     ( feeling anxious , agitated or restless ( racing thoughts , disturbing dreams   ( spending more time alone or


the house music and reading 	 not having anything planned  	 dwelling on problems which make me feel anxious and depressed 	 having someone to talk to or who checks that i’m alright going for a walk


very well .       i would like diazapam for when i am feeling particularly anxious / very low as a short term measure          


were aware of this threat and had affected them emotionally- as a young girl her daughter briden became rather anxious they had attended family therapy sessions .   peter’s return to new zealand was a devastating experience


she is doing much better in terms of her mood and general wellbeing and denied being , depressed or anxious .   she reported some difficulties with her sleep due to having cough , which she believes


. 1have felt terribly alone and isolated •o •2 •4 • f 2 . i have felt tense , anxious or nervous po •2 •3 • p 3 . 1 have felt i have someone to turn to


more , refer to iapts and close the case . i then saw zzzzz   and she was anxious and did not want to be discharged at that stage . i then discussed the case at our


she would discuss with her manager the option of reducing her hours in the event she become low and anxious again soon . she agreed and zzzzz   was fine with plan .    if


she would discuss with her manager the option of reducing her hours in the event she becomes low and anxious . yours sincerely   marcus kupczak ba / bsc pg dip rmhn   ( community mental


