has not been able to attend recent appointments we will be closing the case , the asd and adhd seem to be managed well within the family and the ssri appeared beneficial .   zzzzz  


. he seems to experience looking after himself as forsaking his responsibilities to his family . he does not seem to link attending to his mental health difficulties as a crucial way of helping himself and his family


her medication .   she is very clear that the mirtazapine is the one medication that did actually seem to make a difference when she started it and clearly when she reduces it a bit it seems


changes in your feelings , thoughts or behaviour .   you may also have developed coping strategies that seem to help or identified things to avoid .   some examples include : go for a walk


  he explained that he has had life - long swings in mood .   sometimes these seem related to stresses in his life , but at other times his mood seems to fluctuate without obvious


for your own needs but if you try and reduce your schedule then you become anxious and so you seem somewhat trapped . this pattern of self - deprivation also extends to eating and you told me that


bpm , 98 % ra , 15 - 18 rr , t 36.4   on examination it would seem that his vision may be a driver of his multiple difficulties ( confusion , low mood , visual


. zzzzz   seems to have somewhat limited understanding of the symptoms she experienced , though this does seem to be slowly improving and her care co - ordinator will continue to discuss and provide psycho -


finances . she has had fleeting suicidal ideation , but has not made any concrete plans and does not seem to be at high risk to self currently , however the risk may increase in the absence of


allowing us to interrupt him .      his mood was reported to be low and seem to be anxious objectively . he denies having any suicidal thoughts , intentions or plans at present .


zzzzz   in outpatient clinic today . he explained that he is still experiencing residual anxiety symptoms which seem to affect his ability to interact outside his familiar environment . mr zzzzz   confirmed that he


wheelchair in view of his fatigue .   he continues to suffer from headaches .   these seem to have started after he began pregablin .   he also suffers from ringing in his ears


denies current anhedonia , hopelessness , or suicidal thoughts .    he continues to suffer from what seem to be cognitive symptoms of depression –difficulty concentrating and thinking clear , and ‘heavy head’.   he


and has not been okay since .         his leg does not seem to repair and as such has not been able to work .      


.   please arrange a revised report with the above points included . i am disappointed that you seem unfamiliar with the gender recognition act and the equality act .   i appreciate that you have


zzzzz   made me aware that currently he is experiencing severe anxiety in the mornings which does not seem to be related to withdrawal symptoms as he experiences this everyday regardless of drug use or abstinence .


stabilising mental state .   i will review in approximately in 1 month .   it would seem reasonable for you to take over prescribing the current regime in the future as we agreed not to


not to see you today for your appointment to talk about starting therapy .   i do not seem to have received a message , though am aware that sometimes they do not get through . 


.   impression   previous formulations of ptsd and eupd .   her current presentation does seem consistent with the previous formulation in that she continues to have symptoms consistent with ptsd and some of


be depressed and psychotic , with minimal insight and was treated initially with mirtazapine and flupenthixol . his symptoms seem to have improved somewhat after this but on 27th june he presented to a and e following police


previous partner felt it was a way of letting go off all her problems and making the beatings not seem as bad .   current or past risk of suicide ( overdose , self - harm ,


of bed .   he feels anxious at times .   described feelings of intense anger which seem to build up and then he feels overwhelmed with a sense of hopelessness - he feels that he


form and decisions : yes   medicine consent status ( where relevant ): yes   worries : seem to be the main source of rw 's issues ; caring for aunt until her move to a


. no ideas about the qqqqq . no ideas to harm others .   abnormal perceptions did not seem to attend , denied any on direct questioning cognitions not formally assessed , but orientated in tpp insight


assessment and treatment here .    i am   sorry about this , as it may seem very arbitrary at the receiving end , but this is how our funding works .   


