but she wasn’t affectionate and never said she loved her . zzzzz   stated that her grandmother had paranoid schizophrenia and her grandfather sexually abused some of his children ( but not zzzzz ’s mother ) .


to get off to sleep’ , baby has recently been sleeping through thoughts / paranoia - no psychotic or paranoid thoughts elicited dsh - no thoughts to harm herself .   risk to self   cites


a 24 year old man who lives in se16 with his son and partner . he presented with attenuated paranoid symptoms which appeared to have worsened over the past year .   we completed a structured assessment


to memory changes as reported .   no over - valued or delusional ideas .   no paranoid or persecutory beliefs .   perceptions :   no abnormal perceptions elicited in any of the


maudsley hospital . presenting complaint : client admitted to hospital via king’s a&e.   she had become increasingly paranoid and anxious at home , she was also noted to be responding to some kind of stimulus .


experiences occurring or worsening of in the last 12 months ( e.g. seeing or hearing things , suspicious / paranoid thoughts ) zzzzz   disclosed believing that ‘when he is outside everyone is looking at him and


was referred to our service by ritu kalso , psychologist due to concerns about zzzzz ’s low mood and paranoid ideation ..   he has been engaging with our team since may 2018 and has been seen


liaison team on the 18th may 2018 by his cardiology psychologist , who was concerned that he was experiencing paranoid ideas and low mood .   dr. murphy   has reviewed zzzzz   on three


psychological , vocational and social interventions .  	 · relapse signatures / early warning signs   · paranoid ideation , self - harming , being tearful , being negative about herself , noncompliance of  


receiving cbt for depression . he was on mirtazapine but reported nil effect . stated he felt suicidal , paranoid and was thinking of taking an overdose . on presentation he reported having an alcohol drink but denied


depression with psychotic features . his key relapse symptoms are poor sleep , low mood , worsening anxiety and paranoid ideation regarding family in ireland , the media , the government and ideas of reference . he had


his work situation causing him some anxiety and issues with regards his parenting abilities . he denied having any paranoid thoughts and did not come across as guarded . olanzapine was recently decreased to 17.5 mg nocte and


do any daily tasks   · not going out and not being able to read   · paranoid about negative judgements by others and that have done something ‘bad’ ; ruminating on past events ( e.g.


do any daily tasks   · not going out and not being able to read   · paranoid about negative judgements by others and that have done something ‘bad’ ; ruminating on past events ( e.g.


