  attended a&e due to suicidal thoughts and low mood , following an argument with her carer / husband about money . there was a misunderstanding / argument as to the whereabouts of £ 900 she had


: zzzzz zzzzz zzzzz zzzzz     i reviewed this lady today , she attended with her husband . this is the first time we have met and we used language line .   it


no better and she would like to swap back to citalopram which she has been on previously . her husband agreed with this and is willing to supervise this change .   she said her mood remains


and is willing to supervise this change .   she said her mood remains very labile and her husband said she can be low , tearful , eat too much or too little or sleep poorly often


could you kindly issue her a prescription for citalopram 20 mg od ?   i have asked her husband to :   reduce fluoxetine today to 40 mg od for 4 - 7 days  


for the first time at southbrook road on 4th november 2019 . also present at the meeting were her husband qqqqq   and my colleague charmaine alexander .     you had referred her to


diagnosis of a bipolar disorder . she had moved around a lot in brazil , largely because of her husband taking up new work opportunities . she indicated that this had made it difficult for her to settle


, as well as feeling low in mood and often anxious .     she and her husband had visited zzzzz   six years ago and she had always hoped to live here . she


  six years ago and she had always hoped to live here . she was pleased when her husband was offered a job here and they have been in zzzzz   for the last six months


thinking about a future in which she worries about a series of caring roles for her father and her husband 's relatives . she feels that she will never be able to fulfil her own interests . she


talked about not wanting to have a child and this being a source of tension between her and her husband .     in terms of medication , you will be aware that she had been


in brazil on the background of a difficult upbringing . she has been in some ways reliant on her husband , although feels that her needs have not always been met as she has had to follow him


low , tearful and due to the pain from c - section required a lot of support from her husband to care for qqqqq . she had fleeting ideas of “no longer being here” and thoughts to “run


fleeting ideas of “no longer being here” and thoughts to “run - away” , on one occasion asked her husband to lock away the prescribed promethazine as she thought about taking them all .   zzzzz 


no metabolic evidence of regional hypometabolism to suggest intrinsic neurodegenerative disease .    	 current medication : husband and daughter remind her to take these . · citalopram 20 mg tablets   · | levothyroxine


in pimlico in a school kitchen . stopped working 8 - 9 years ago to take care of her husband who has heart problems .  	 pre - morbid personality : always goes to the hospital with


: nil .   	 social support & activities of daily living :    lives with husband , daughter and a cat . daughter has taken over the shopping . swims for exercise . 


. daughter has taken over the shopping . swims for exercise .  	 finance   daughter and husband have taken over managing the bills because she forgets .  	 mental state exam :  


     eldest child   please state reason for decision :     husband deceased  	 has nearest relative been consulted ?        formdropdown 


zzzzz zzzzz zzzzz , zzzzz zzzzz edd : 10/9/2015    tel : zzzzz   ( ibrahim- husband )       perinatal mental health service :   lewisham 	 tel :


 4 . difficult housing scenario , lives with brother - in - law and 3 children and her husband             plan :    during


knife . has been involved in abusive relationships : domestic violence in paternal home ( father ) , first husband was very violent , and baby’s father also violent .   has very little social support .


baby and feels that they are not practically or emotionally prepared for the baby . her relationship with her husband has become very strained as he feels she should be trying harder to be reliable as she ‘is


this was a difficult time due to problems at home .    she got married to her husband 7 years ago . their relationship was good up until recent months .    no known


- time in finance- should be returning to work full time in two weeks .    her husband works full time as an area manager for maintenance company .    they live in a


