and poor sleep . zzzzz   was referred for counselling and commenced on sertraline . responded well to treatment .   · 2013 – referred by gp to spts . engaged with cbt , however did


  · 2013 – referred by gp to spts . engaged with cbt , however did not finish treatment course due to moving address and illness .   · 2013 – presented at a&e after taking


whether or not further psychological therapy may be helpful to you at this time .    should treatment be considered appropriate following this assessment , there will be a further wait , for that owing to


do in a mental health crisis    cc . 	 dr nigel pearson , southwark north map treatment team ( via email ) 	 gdr diffley , the villa street medical centre , 47 villa street


( include name , dose , date of last review and compliance ) details : nono current mental health treatment provided by   cmht care coordinator psychiatrist psychologist gp specialist addiction / alcohol service other  


08/10/2019 past problems : showing data for period 01 - jul-2019 to current . cognitive - behaviour therapy ( treatment completed ) 24/05/2018 vitamin d deficiency 15/02/2018 iron deficiency anaemias 31/05/2017 spontaneous vaginal delivery ( 38/40 , tear


with the south zzzzz   and maudsley nhs foundation trust , which states that authorisation is required before treatment can proceed , subject to clinical approval .   if we do not receive authorisation from your


	 care option : 	 mbu - outpt treat ( t ) .  	 cost per assessment or treatment session : 	 £ 192.00    note :   if the patient is seen in


caring responsibilities . there was no suggestion of any present or past psychotic symptoms . she is seeking further treatment and had felt rather frustrated by her dealings with the system in the uk thus far . she


   c.c .   zzzzz   zzzzz    3   lewisham home treatment team ladywell house 330 lewisham high street lewisham zzzzz    se13 6jz   tel :


     i am writing to confirm that we have now discharged you from lewisham home treatment team as i understand you have returned to bulgaria and we are uncertain of when you will return


a copy of the referral is enclosed . zzzzz   received a course of two assessment and eight treatment sessions in cbt .   i am glad to inform you that she progressed well and has


  	  community borough lead     referral form to slam crisis resolution and home treatment team   referral form to slam home treatment team client’s name :    zzzzz 


  referral form to slam crisis resolution and home treatment team   referral form to slam home treatment team client’s name :    zzzzz   zzzzz   designation and name of referrer


, if so what relation are they and what concerns do they have currently about the client and home treatment also indicate the clients views on htt ? she lives on her own and her mother visits from


rope as ‘security’ has felt anxious and nervous all her growing up years 5 . any issues relating to treatment e.g. positive or negative experience on previous medications , current feelings or beliefs about medication and services has


1550           	  	 psychological medicine & integrated care cag    southwark treatment team    felix post unit    maudsley hospital    denmark hill     zzzzz 


 is aware of the reasons he is taking psychotropics , and shows capacity to make decisions regarding his treatment .   he has some insight into having had mental health difficulties in the past , and


ongoing social stressors persist and if there are further difficulties in accessing his medication .       cmht treatment plan :    · no changes to his prescribed psychotropics at present . if however , there


accidents or managing there .   however these are mitigated by living with her family .   treatment care plan : 1 . we discussed changes of medication today .   she is not wishing


zzzzz   zzzzz   ?          west & east treatment teams   consultant psychiatrist : dr clive timehin ( west team ) locum consultant psychiatrist : dr


seems to be exacerbated by intake of alcohol    	 mha 83 criteria s3 : appropriate medical treatment if considering s3 , please describe appropriate medical treatment and confirm where it will be available . 


  	 mha 83 criteria s3 : appropriate medical treatment if considering s3 , please describe appropriate medical treatment and confirm where it will be available .       	 community based alternative


   fax : 020 7188 7024          lambeth home treatment team 1st floor , orchard house lambeth hospital 108 landor road zzzzz   sw9 9nu telephone :


3228 6258 email : lhtt@slam.nhs.uk    slam switchboard : 020 3228 6000 www.slam.nhs.uk   lambeth home treatment team discharge notification south zzzzz   and maudsley 24 hour helpline 0800 731 2864 	 date :


