xxxx if yes )   social support ( or lack of ) relationship with partner relationship with family employment immigration / seeking asylum housing / homelessness financial / debts offending behaviour   details :  


improved and her mood stabilised . with help from her son ms zzzzz   dealt with a difficult employment situation with patience and resolve , and after attending many meetings a satisfactory agreement was eventually reached .


 we offered cbt for low mood , a referral to baseline who supports young people with education and employment and an appointment with our psychiatrist for medication .   zzzzz   saw dr oxley and


have been in zzzzz   for the last six months . she had hoped to get back into employment herself . they travelled here with her father who is in his late 80s . he has lived


certificate ^ o'''ceno^ , was prescribed free - of - charge contraceptives •gets income support or income - related employment and j support allowance   •gets income - based jobseeker 's allowance   •is entitled to


boyfriend other ( bank account / card ): lloyd’s , card , £ 60 ,     employment history   currently employed ?   employer details :   in receipt of ssp ?


  10 . other    99 . not known / refused  	  c ) employment status ? enter number from key below here :         7


 tel :      	 other information around social circumstances   ( housing , employment / study , social support – family / friends , benefits / finances / debts , leisure /


overdose , social context of use , cognitive impairment , social & family network , education , training & employment ( ete ) , sex working , crime , assault  	 risk event history : 	 *


on practical issues such as housing ,   benefits , activities , local support groups , education and employment . please ask your mental   health practitioner for further details / leaflets ( a good starting


eat three healthy meals    ( take prescribed medications   ( participate in paid or unpaid employment   ( 20 minutes of relaxation / meditation   ( go for a walk  


in east dulwich 	 4 hours twice a week 	 giving something back and easing myself back towards paid employment  	 take my prescribed medicines 	 morning and evening everyday 	 keeps me well  	 undertake


past that make me act the way i do 	 referral from slam  	 re - enter paid employment in a less stressful environment  	 as a first step begin work in a social enterprise 	


personal budget funding against   them goal 1 	 eg . to learn new computing skills and find employment      	 6 . to achieve economic well - being and have access to


for 2 hours each week discover where togain new computer skills , explore where she can sue these in employment and then to be supported to find employment / vocational support .     cpa 


new computer skills , explore where she can sue these in employment and then to be supported to find employment / vocational support .     cpa   do you meet cpa criteria ? 


you did not try very hard because you also felt there was little point .   work and employment   you told me that you would have liked to have worked in the fashion industry but


good . acknowledges that things had come to a head experiencing unbearable stress with the demands of her previous employment . though she acknowledges some vulnerability she wishes to see further support regarding trying to rebuild her self


crohn’s disease , gall stones , hiatus hernia ) which have negatively impacted on his ability to hold down employment , and he has experienced a significant decline in his mental health as a result also . he


pain , which is poorly managed with medication . this impacts greatly on his ability to hold down consistent employment , and contributes to his social anxiety , agoraphobia and moderate depressive symptoms .   zzzzz 


other services 	 	 	 x  	 accessing education / training 	 	 	 x  	 accessing employment 	 	 x 	  	 applying for welfare benefits 	 	 x 	  	 paying rent


please indicate what support is required :   	  zzzzz   has been unable to maintain employment as a result of his physical and mental health issues , and does not feel that he would


he would be able to do this in his current state . he may benefit from support to access employment again in the future , once he is more settled .   navigating the housing and benefits


online banking ?  	 yes 	 x 	 no 	  	 is the client currently in paid employment ? 	 yes 	 	 no 	 x  	 if yes , please state the following 


yes , please state the following   · name of employer   · length of time in employment   · hours per week · how much they earn per week ( gross )  


