perinatal mh liaison services during pregnancy with 4th child . presented with low mood , negative cognitions and poor sleep . zzzzz   was referred for counselling and commenced on sertraline . responded well to treatment .


6 x dihydrocodiene tablets with 2 glasses of wine . zzzzz   reports that she was unable to sleep and had felt upset as it was her daughters 18th birthday the day prior and they are not


was particularly bad in the mornings . she rated her mood as 7 out of 10 today . her sleep is poor – 2 hours per night . she would like sleeping pills to help this . 


is ‘much better’ and rated 8/10 , enjoys going out . anxiety is ‘fine’ , denies panic attacks . sleep has improved . promethazine made her feel nauseas so she stopped taking . appetite is poor but forces


had 4 failed rounds before this slept a few hours last night , last few weeks only 1 night sleep for 4 hours gets into bed at 9 am feeling low in mood , has thoughts like i


without me but no intention of acting on these thoughts , gets them when she is frustrated because no sleep appetite down no thoughts of harm to others self - employed actress and screen writer examinationsmiling , good


labile and her husband said she can be low , tearful , eat too much or too little or sleep poorly often waking early and crying . she has no elated mood . occasionally she will wake in


including occasional panic attacks . she painted a gloomy picture of her current life and told us that her sleep is often unsatisfactory such that she ends up feeling tired and struggling to cope with her caring responsibilities


miss her and she would not want to live her dog . she reported improvement in the amount of sleep she gets with diazepam px by her gp but has difficulty in falling asleep – tosses and turns


periods .     mr zzzzz   reports that his mood is ok , and that his sleep and appetite are stable .   he has been gaining weight since discharge , but he believes


’s memory symptoms , but we have ruled out dementia . factors we have identified include menopause , possible sleep apnoea , and depression . she reportedly sleeps very well , but is also reported to be a


  	 gp recommendations :   · it may be necessary in due course to investigate her sleep apnoea which may also be contributing to her memory changes . · she may benefit from a referral


. spent 5 years in portugal working nights and then another job : slept very little . believes this sleep deprivation is what has affected her brain . has been in england for 15 years and knows little


medication , fluoxetine and though she has only been taking this for one week she feels that mood and sleep have improved . she now finds it easy to get to sleep and is able to get back


one week she feels that mood and sleep have improved . she now finds it easy to get to sleep and is able to get back to sleep if she wakes up .     the


have improved . she now finds it easy to get to sleep and is able to get back to sleep if she wakes up .     the greater benefit appears to have come from zzzzz


start talking to friends and family about her mental health . gp started fluoxetine and this has helped with sleep and has already had some impact on mood . zzzzz   had felt able to motivate herself


her mood was more positive , and she rated herself at 8/10 . she is able to get to sleep at night and have several hours sleep , but often wakes up in the early hours of the


she rated herself at 8/10 . she is able to get to sleep at night and have several hours sleep , but often wakes up in the early hours of the morning for around an hour in the


early hours of the morning for around an hour in the night due to worrying , before returning to sleep . she described her low mood relating to difficulties in her relationship with her dad . she would


difficulties they have made her feel hopeless and sad or angry , and contributed to her worrying and losing sleep .   however despite the problems expressed , there are also protective factors and strengths in zzzzz


of cardio vascular exercise . this will release endorphins , help reduce anxiety , improve her mood , aid sleep and increase her appetite .    · zzzzz   to ensure that she has a


any dietary related low mood and anxiety .    · zzzzz   to adopt a regular sleep routine , including not using phones / computers for at least 1.5 hours before bedtime .  


reported her concerns about having to work long hours and the impact of this on her baby . some sleep problems due to thinking about work and baby moving . no changes in eating pattern . ms zzzzz


fleeting suicidal ideation .   home treatment team commenced mirtazapine for symptoms of depression , and to aid sleep . this has been successful .   at discharge , zzzzz   still remains preoccupied and


