wellbeing in past month ( xxxx if yes )   satisfactory / good feeling hopeless feeling down feeling depressed having little interest not feeling pleasure        psychiatric medication ( include name


prior to us meeting . during our appointment she was reactive in mood and did not present as significantly depressed , although told us that her mood had been generally low and that her levels of anxiety were


clinic after their assessment around concern regarding falls and memory problems .    they felt she was depressed on review by memory clinic , tearful and highly anxious but there was no difficulty with regard to


reported feeling anxious all the time , sweating – with heart beating fast .   agrees she is depressed , wants help to get better but feels she may never get better . feels she would finish


out of a window . i assessed zzzzz   on the 4/11/15 and it was felt he was depressed , with possibly psychotic symptoms . i then discussed the case at our clinical meeting on the 09/11/15


50s ) . leaving wallet in fridge , doors open , losing money . patient herself does not feel depressed currently . trouble attending appointments .   	 patient account : · has forgotten a lot of


area .    past psychiatric history   ms zzzzz   told me she first became depressed and anorexic at the age of 15 ; she had a difficult experience at boarding school in france


. ms zzzzz   said her own relationship with mother is sometimes difficult , especially when mother becomes depressed .   past medical history   nil of note ( according to patient )  


  identified problems / needs / risks :    1 . chronic low mood , currently depressed and at risk of this progressing in the postnatal period    2 . past h /


appointments with the perinatal psychiatry service and also the prebirth planning meeting on 14/7/2015 .    remains depressed in pregnancy and ongoing social situation has been a significant stressor .    zzzzz  


does not have any thoughts , intent or plan of harming himself   i believe that he remains depressed and this is partially treated with mirtazapine at the moment . he is not tolerating higher doses of


therefore reluctant to take the mirtazapine again there has been no change in his mood . he remains very depressed . his appetite is poor and sleep is poor . he felt that nothing will help and therefore


to commence fluoxetine 20 mg daily ( 2 weeks prescription issued ) to supplement psychological therapy to address chronic depressed mood and negative outlook . if fluoxetine is helpful , i will ask you to continue to prescribe


.     she feels quite happy and quite well and she does not acknowledge she is depressed .     she is currently having counselling .       test


to go out without the children which restricts where she can go .   depression- oliva is currently depressed due to the abuse from her partner and has had thoughts of giving up responsibilities , in regards


asked about this in clinic .    in summary , mr zzzzz   continues to experience depressed mood and anxiety ( which is often worse in social contexts ) on a background of major life


- 2 days , 6 - 10 hours , earn £ 100 - 150 , don’t like it , depressed · no tax return · no payslips · payslip 1 week ago for houses keeping , 8 hours


, she had then woken up on saturday feeling very different with her suicidal thoughts much better and her depressed feelings very much reduced .   she has never had this before where it has improved so


occurred after she stopped her venlafaxine .   she was in hospital for a very long period and depressed for at least two years afterwards .   understandably , she is very reluctant to make a


head injury at the age of 33 .    insight : she accepts that she is currently depressed in mood . she feels that her antidepressants help a little , she feels that the medication she


improved considerably and we agreed that they were no longer so significant that we would consider you to be depressed or to have ocd . we agreed to meet again in june and if your difficulties continued to


telephone assessment and have placed you on the waiting list as they have said that you are currently not depressed .    you also mentioned on the appointment letter you were expected to see dr seneviratne


the service user . additionally it was quiet upsetting for you as you feel that currently you are not depressed .     the agreed plan :   vita shrinarine will make contact with you


/2016 ; some of her bizarre behaviours were in the context of excessive alcohol misuse . she reported being depressed and wishing to return to brazil .   she did not attend the 7 day follow -


music and reading 	 not having anything planned  	 dwelling on problems which make me feel anxious and depressed 	 having someone to talk to or who checks that i’m alright going for a walk , listening


