to perinatal mh liaison services during pregnancy with 4th child . presented with low mood , negative cognitions and poor sleep . zzzzz   was referred for counselling and commenced on sertraline . responded well to treatment


bad in the mornings . she rated her mood as 7 out of 10 today . her sleep is poor – 2 hours per night . she would like sleeping pills to help this .   objective


panic attacks . sleep has improved . promethazine made her feel nauseas so she stopped taking . appetite is poor but forces herself to eat regular meals . complains of feeling dizzy , tired and short of breath


mrs zzzzz   denied any thoughts pertaining to self - harm or suicide today .   her poor cognition may lead to some difficulties in her home environment through accidents or managing there .  


in the context of her stressful job as a lawyer in finance and having to work long hours with poor peer support . she said she then left that law firm and obtained her current job , in


when she can . today she presented as objectively and subjectively low , spoke with soft voice , had poor affective range and a sad looking expression . reports very low energy levels , spending most of the


the day in bed , and middle and late onset insomnia ( wakes up around 3 am ) , poor appetite low motivation , poor ability to enjoy things , some hopelessness and hopelessness . she has poor


and middle and late onset insomnia ( wakes up around 3 am ) , poor appetite low motivation , poor ability to enjoy things , some hopelessness and hopelessness . she has poor concentration and requires help at


, poor appetite low motivation , poor ability to enjoy things , some hopelessness and hopelessness . she has poor concentration and requires help at times to fill in forms for housing . reports no attachment to the


mood was subjectively and objectively low with guilty cognitions and some hopelessness . her sleep and appetite are very poor . there were no psychotic symptoms .    she was fully orientated . she has insight


mirtazapine again there has been no change in his mood . he remains very depressed . his appetite is poor and sleep is poor . he felt that nothing will help and therefore is reluctant to see the


been no change in his mood . he remains very depressed . his appetite is poor and sleep is poor . he felt that nothing will help and therefore is reluctant to see the community psychiatric nurse or


psychological therapy . he experiences suicidal ideas but there is no clear current plan . his concentration is very poor at present . in terms of the situation he feels it is worse at present . his advisors


his appetite is also affected with reported weight loss .   he feels tired as a result of poor sleep .   risk assessment   risk to self is medium    risk to


eye contact smiled inappropriately and was easily distracted . speech was flat in tone . sleep reported to be poor . “i want to sleep!” said the voices of his grandfather , his mother and a friend keep


cmht , her uncle reported that ms zzzzz   had been responding to unseen stimuli and had shown poor concentration . ms zzzzz   was taken on by the coast team on 02/10/2017 .  


aunt provided the vast majority of the information about her current condition . eye contact was noted to be poor . her aunt reported that for the past year , ms zzzzz   has presented with the


over this time , mr zzzzz   has continued to present as anxious and low in mood with poor motivation and an underlying sense of helplessness and low self - worth . since the beginning of 2016


low and feels tired .   she does not enjoy much activity .   her sleep is poor ; she does not have much appetite .   she said that she would like to look


 she said her relative cooks for them which is a good help .   her sleep is poor and has not been good for a while . she denied thought , intention of plan of harming


reported that she feels sad a lot of the time , she reports feeling anhedonic with reduced motivation and poor levels of energy . she reports losing interest in her appearance , and that this has been noticed


has been noticed by others . she feels that she is a burden to her children and has a poor outlook for the future . she is reluctant to go outside during the day and feels that she


.   in terms of biological symptoms , she reported disturbed sleep particularly with emw as well as poor sleep initiation . this occurs for 3 days at a time and she then may sleep exessively due


)   unstable mental state ( mental health liable to deteriorate quickly or unpredictably , addiction issues , poor coping , impulsivity )   compliance problems ( with medication , with services )   other


muslim ' and normally helps other people . can not eat foods ; is on sachet meals and reports poor sleep . nil suicide plan or intent .   mhlt uclh 14/12/2016 attended a&e with medical problem


