)   depression severe depression postnatal depression anxiety bipolar affective schizophrenia schizo affective illness psychosis in postnatal period alcohol / substance misuse past psychiatric admissions        details : 25 - nov-2016


substance misuse past psychiatric admissions        details : 25 - nov-2016 2 /12 alcohol use disorder identificatn test consumptn questionnre history of low mood in 2007 had counselling and 2 months anti


: nono current mental health treatment provided by   cmht care coordinator psychiatrist psychologist gp specialist addiction / alcohol service other        details :    family mental health history


on medication . her grandmother was agoraphobic .   her father has ocd and anxiety .   alcohol and substance history – she only drinks once a week and then usually four or five alcohol drinks


  alcohol and substance history – she only drinks once a week and then usually four or five alcohol drinks . she does not take drugs currently .   mental state examination – only some low


assessment ( updated within context of client’s current acute mental health crisis ) · audit and current drug and alcohol screen has been updated within the context of client’s current mental health crisis   · inpatient units


for men to reduce risk of torsdades de pointes )    · lifestyle variables : smoking cessation , alcohol consumption , physical activity .        dr anca vaida .   locum consultant psychiatrist


years . have advised her there is help for quitting smoking if she wants to try again . takes alcohol only on holiday occasions / parties . one glass of wine makes her drunk . usually drinks water


depressed .   past medical history   nil of note ( according to patient )   alcohol and drug history   nil of note   mental state examination   ms zzzzz 


was assessed by psychiatric services at whipps cross hospital after having been found to be under the influence of alcohol . she was found not to be detainable and discharged to her home address . since then her


this year she has been found wandering in the streets , distressed and disorientated and under the influence of alcohol . she was assessed in a+e depts on 2 occasions ( once at whipps x hospital and then


dennys , nearest relative , brought her to a+e at the royal free hospital after she had again consumed alcohol and was acting in a very agitated and apparently thought - disordered fashion    	 interview


ms r did not display any thought - disorder or any inappropriate behaviour . she vowed to avoid using alcohol and both she and her son were keen to have her stay at his flat for a number


camden crisis services should he have any concerns in future . i also provided them with details of local alcohol services which they said they said they would access as necessary .    as ms r


criteria ( or not )    ms r appeared to be experiencing a stress - related , alcohol - fuelled episode but once she was no longer under the influence of alcohol no significant signs of


a stress - related , alcohol - fuelled episode but once she was no longer under the influence of alcohol no significant signs of mental disorder could be identified .   	 mha 83 criteria : risk


as she has presented acting strangely in the street and her condition seems to be exacerbated by intake of alcohol    	 mha 83 criteria s3 : appropriate medical treatment if considering s3 , please describe


previously also took another ad ( could not recall name ) which was helpful . has had periods of alcohol abuse ( 1 bottle of spirit at weekend ) but not recently . stopped drinking in pregnancy .


. he denied any other symptoms upon close questioning and there were no reported use of any substances or alcohol in excess .   on mental state examination he presented as a young man , casually dressed


. their relationship was good up until recent months .    no known history of drug or alcohol abuse .    works full - time in finance- should be returning to work full time


)     addictions clinical academic group ( cag ) blackfriars road community   drug & alcohol team 151 blackfriars road zzzzz   se1 8el tel : 020 3228 9400 fax : 020 3228


	 abuse / neglect – physical abuse 	 |_| 	 abuse / neglect - sexual abuse 	 |_| 	 alcohol misuse 	 |_|  	 anti - social behaviour 	 |_| 	 beyond parental control 	 |_| 	


	 abuse / neglect – physical abuse 	 |_| 	 abuse / neglect - sexual abuse 	 |_| 	 alcohol misuse 	 |_|  	 domestic abuse 	 x 	 drug misuse 	 |_| 	 female genital mutilation


):   allergies :    pmh ( check lcr ):     drug and/or alcohol use ( substances used , how often and how much ) on epjs :   pre -


  no      x       	 any evidence of alcohol / drug withdrawal ?     	 yes *       


