abnormal perceptions elicited .   cognition : good insight : displays good insight into her difficulties   risk to self : low : no current thoughts / intent / plans . children present as protective factors


low : no current thoughts / intent / plans . children present as protective factors .    risk to others : none , though epjs states she did put medication in her sons drink in 1999


to others : none , though epjs states she did put medication in her sons drink in 1999 . risk of self - neglect : minimal , though more social interaction would be beneficial .   


of independence due to long term physical health issues .   · denies current suicidal ideation , current risk is low . children are strong protective factors .   · zzzzz   would like psychological


 crisis plan   in the meantime , if you feel yourself in crisis where you are a risk to yourself or others , please get in touch with the crisis agencies available to provide support .


in mood commentwants sleeping pills explained in preg not safe to use i will speak to perinatal team , risk of mood declining   call to perinatal team , advised send referral does patient agree to the


/ seeking asylum housing / homelessness financial / debts offending behaviour   details :    formal risk assessment ( detail any evidence of risk in the areas listed ) ( xxxx if yes ) 


/ debts offending behaviour   details :    formal risk assessment ( detail any evidence of risk in the areas listed ) ( xxxx if yes )   dangerous / risk to others risk


detail any evidence of risk in the areas listed ) ( xxxx if yes )   dangerous / risk to others risk of self - harm self - neglect vulnerability domestic violence suicidal or self - harm


of risk in the areas listed ) ( xxxx if yes )   dangerous / risk to others risk of self - harm self - neglect vulnerability domestic violence suicidal or self - harm   


neglect vulnerability domestic violence suicidal or self - harm        details : low risk of self harm - has thoughts of jumping out a window , or her son would be better


her high episode stopped after she stopped taking drugs . she seems to have unipolar depression .   risk – she is of low risk of harm to herself or others .   care plan :


stopped taking drugs . she seems to have unipolar depression .   risk – she is of low risk of harm to herself or others .   care plan :   1 . gp to


  yes         no   x    brief risk screen of detained person    risk of suicide y      n 


   no   x    brief risk screen of detained person    risk of suicide y      n   x    risk of self


   risk of suicide y      n   x    risk of self harm   y   n   x    risk of violence


   risk of self harm   y   n   x    risk of violence to others   y    n    x   


of violence to others   y    n    x    brief risk screen   from my assessment of mrs zzzzz   she is alert and orientated to time


is a psychiatric liaison team at every a&e department . if you are concerned that you are an immediate risk of harming yourself or someone else you can attend a&e · 24 hour crisis helpline 08007312864 we look


has consented to this referral to be considered for the next cohort of kwpb group .   	 risk history : self harm / suicide / domestic abuse :  	 n / a   	


.           seen today for review of mental state , risk and medication . tearful + + + today , reported further lowering of mood with increased negative ideas


?   increased support and management of medication for a short period till her mental state stabilises and risk of o / d due to her current bleak outlook is minimised 4 . please highlight any issues


minimised 4 . please highlight any issues from psychiatric history e.g.   engagement , adherence to medication , risk , history of rapid relapse ?   has engaged with cmht since referred by gp and attending


the following have been completed prior to referral .   · honos / pbr   · child risk screen and risk assessment ( updated within context of client’s current acute mental health crisis ) · audit


been completed prior to referral .   · honos / pbr   · child risk screen and risk assessment ( updated within context of client’s current acute mental health crisis ) · audit and current drug


