  mood anxiety and personality clinical academic group   southwark north ( map cag ) southwark north assessment & liaison team   27 – 29 camberwell road   camberwell    zzzzz 


by relationship difficulties ( ex - partner / full - time carer ) . discharged and referred to the assessment and liaison team for follow up . mental state examination   appearance and behaviour : anna was


, and that the waiting time for you to be seen is approximately 2 to 3 months for an assessment .    this assessment will be used to try and clarify your difficulties whilst also considering


for you to be seen is approximately 2 to 3 months for an assessment .    this assessment will be used to try and clarify your difficulties whilst also considering whether or not further psychological therapy


may be helpful to you at this time .    should treatment be considered appropriate following this assessment , there will be a further wait , for that owing to the demand of our service .


below ; she saved the crisis number in her phone for future reference .   if an urgent assessment is needed : 1 . contact your gp , your midwifery team or the perinatal mh team 2


seeking asylum housing / homelessness financial / debts offending behaviour   details :    formal risk assessment ( detail any evidence of risk in the areas listed ) ( xxxx if yes )  


that if you decide not to continue with your current therapist you could refer yourself to iapt for an assessment . it may be the case that they would then refer on to iptt , the secondary care


blenheim cdp after we last met and you should have heard from someone from this team to arrange an assessment appointment . i have enclosed a leaflet with contact details for blenheim in case you need to contact


social worker    cc dr israel , vale medical centre       lewisham assessment and liaison service      psychological medicine and integrated care clinical academic group  


twigg  	 care option : 	 mbu - outpt treat ( t ) .  	 cost per assessment or treatment session : 	 £ 192.00    note :   if the patient is


support his job search .   yours sincerely ,   dr pallavi sarin   gpst1 map assessment & liaison team lambeth ?       team leader : 	 jose ariff 


    integrated care    clinical academic group        assessment and liaison team      lambeth    380 streatham high road  


)   thank you for your referral of the above named lady , i saw her in my assessment clinic on 3rd august 2015 .   miss zzzzz   was on citalopram for eight years


  5 . spinning class for 45 minutes in the morning   6 . discharge from the assessment team back to the care of her gp   yours sincerely     dr m


   dr m gunathilake mrcpsych msc sac ( dip ) locum consultant psychiatrist    croydon assessment & liaison team   cc patient   ?        


: dr sanjeevan somasunderam mbbs mrcpsych locum consultant dr matheesha gunathilake mrcpsych msc sac ( dip ) duty and assessment team manager : jane jefferies       perinatal psychiatry outpatients   department of


indicated ?   y / n   x   i have conducted a mental health screening assessment today in my role as criminal justice mental health service clinician . consent for the assessment was obtained


mental health screening assessment today in my role as criminal justice mental health service clinician . consent for the assessment was obtained .   recommendations for police :    * * custody sergeants are reminded


diversion to hospital – yes    no x     should a mental health act assessment take place – discuss with custody sergeant – yes     no   x 


y    n    x    brief risk screen   from my assessment of mrs zzzzz   she is alert and orientated to time and place .   good


miss zzzzz    we have received a referral from lewisham hospital asking us to offer you an assessment .    please could you contact us on 0203 228 9200 and ask to speak to


discharge you .    for urgent assistance monday- friday 9am-5pm please call the duty professional for the assessment and liaison team on 0203 228 9200 . outside these hours you can contact ;   


forward to hearing from you   yours sincerely   judith parker senior service administrator   lewisham assessment and liaison service   neighbourhood 4 cc jenner health centre , 201 stanstead road , forest hill


health centre , 201 stanstead road , forest hill , zzzzz , se23 1hu     lewisham assessment and liaison service      psychological medicine and integrated care clinical academic group  


