 met the man of her eldest child in 1989 . zzzzz   reports that she struggled with depression during this period and as such has few memories of her pregnancy . zzzzz   did not


state if pre - conception , antenatal or postnatal ) history10/40 pregnant insomnia and low mood - history of depression many years ago ivf baby had 4 failed rounds before this slept a few hours last night ,


if yes include further relevant information i.e. diagnosis , past psychiatric admissions , history of relapse )   depression severe depression postnatal depression anxiety bipolar affective schizophrenia schizo affective illness psychosis in postnatal period alcohol / substance


include further relevant information i.e. diagnosis , past psychiatric admissions , history of relapse )   depression severe depression postnatal depression anxiety bipolar affective schizophrenia schizo affective illness psychosis in postnatal period alcohol / substance misuse past


relevant information i.e. diagnosis , past psychiatric admissions , history of relapse )   depression severe depression postnatal depression anxiety bipolar affective schizophrenia schizo affective illness psychosis in postnatal period alcohol / substance misuse past psychiatric admissions


leigham court road   zzzzz    sw16 2pg dear doctors ,   diagnosis : moderate depression   medication : venlafaxine xl 150 mg on   plan for gp : continue prescription for


bipolar .   her high episode stopped after she stopped taking drugs . she seems to have unipolar depression .   risk – she is of low risk of harm to herself or others . 


is ok” and is actively seeking support is attending a group when she can be open about her postnatal depression and the struggles of being a mum . she will remain under the care of perinatal mental health


louise quigley early september 2018 .   she was 9 days postnatal and was suffering symptoms of postnatal depression .   a copy of the referral is enclosed . zzzzz   received a course of


is felt that her presentation is somehow long standing , she is currently already on therapeutic medication for her depression and she should focus in social inclusion and structure to her day via the wellbeing hub and seek


visits from poland at times to see her . gp has been seeing her regularly and treating her for depression . gp referred to cmht as condition not improving and still remains involved with her care cmht is


 dob zzzzz    address : 	 zzzzz zzzzz zzzzz      diagnosis :     recurrent depression , currently in remission , previous episodes severe with psychotic features .       medication [ last


consequently has multiple chronic injuries . it was felt that this injury was sustained in a period of psychotic depression .   at present mr zzzzz   is denying any thoughts of harming himself or ending


      zzzzz zzzzz zzzzz , zzzzz   diagnoses :    moderate depression with somatic symptoms               


but we have ruled out dementia . factors we have identified include menopause , possible sleep apnoea , and depression . she reportedly sleeps very well , but is also reported to be a loud snorer , often


 ( daughter ) ; portuguese interpreter maria de jesus  	 reason for referral : known to have depression , treated with citalopram , currently clinically euthymic . family concerned very forgetful- daughter noticed the decline .


off the gas . · has had trouble with anxiety and tearfulness – believes she’s always had anxiety and depression because of a tough childhood . · has seen things others can not see : shadows moving .


“did you call me?” when she hasn’t   	 psychiatric history :   history of anxiety and depression : takes tablets for these . she wasn’t diagnosed until she came to this country about 10 years


manager was unhelpful in the past but after she explained that her recent two week absence was due to depression her manager and colleagues have been very supportive .    she has a supportive group of


to have come from zzzzz   speaking to her partner , her work and her friends about her depression . prior to this she was isolating herself and not taking . this led to her feeling that


dob : zzzzz    zzzzz zzzzz zzzzz , zzzzz    diagnosis : previous history of depression and anorexia nervosa ; currently mentally stable   not prescribed any psychotropic medication   ms zzzzz


, bianca ross from guy’s and st thomas’ midwifery on april 2015 , due to a previous history of depression and anorexia nervosa .   background information   ms zzzzz   works as a financial


moved to university and started a romantic relationship there .    she had a further episode of depression in 2013 , in the context of her stressful job as a lawyer in finance and having to


also reported that her mother was beaten up by her own father in childhood and has been suffering from depression throughout her life . ms zzzzz   said her own relationship with mother is sometimes difficult ,


impression   ms zzzzz   is a 33 year old french woman with a previous history of depression and anorexia nervosa . she is currently expecting her first child , due in october 2015 . she


