had thoughts to take an overdose , however managed to stop herself acting on these thoughts when her youngest son told her that he loved her personal history/ social history zzzzz   was abandoned as a baby


of support caring for their children .    zzzzz   is very proud of her oldest son andrea who visits regularly . she said she goes to the coffee shop once or twice a week


in the community . she says she has one friend who she talks to , as well as her son .    past psychiatric history · zzzzz   reports that attended appointments with a psychiatrist


admitted to me that she had put tablet in a glass of water for her then 8 year old son . zzzzz   reports that she had a “breakdown” during this time .    ·


midwife rachel and student midwife olivia attended pbpm today . 39yo woman with 2 and half year - old son , last seen in clinic 4 weeks ago , currently 34/40 pregnant . mood is ‘much better’ and


reports partner is behaving better from her perspective resulting in less stress and fewer arguments ; also noted her son is sleeping better . no thoughts to harm herself or others since the last opa . some ‘stress’


may have a doula plan for one of her friends or her partner’s ex - girlfriend to watch their son during the birth if able final plan depends on timing of the birth and who is available to


birth if able final plan depends on timing of the birth and who is available to look after their son not on the must - see list but can ask to see us while in hospital if needed


9 am feeling low in mood , has thoughts like i should jump out of the window or my son would be better off without me but no intention of acting on these thoughts , gets them when


 details : low risk of self harm - has thoughts of jumping out a window , or her son would be better off without her but says would never act on it and it is a passing


she engaged well with therapy , her depressive symptoms improved and her mood stabilised . with help from her son ms zzzzz   dealt with a difficult employment situation with patience and resolve , and after attending


her home address . since then her behaviour has continued to be bizarre and erratic , resulting in her son bringing her to a+e for further assessment   	 legal status at start of assessment 	 s135


had sobered up she did not present with any mental health problems and was discharged home   her son , dennys , nearest relative , brought her to a+e at the royal free hospital after she had


doctor and myself in a side room   in the a+e dept , in the presence of her son . dennys . she presented as calm and somewhat embarrased by the circumstance of her admission . she


thought - disorder or any inappropriate behaviour . she vowed to avoid using alcohol and both she and her son were keen to have her stay at his flat for a number of days in order for her


and in order to prepare her for her return to her flat in south zzzzz .   her son seemed determined to support her , escort her to her g.p. on monday 7 march , and refer


and who will action , with time scales .   ms r to spend time living with her son    	 any other information : ( practical problems , information on children and/ or vulnerable


their meanings , as friend and paradise , respectively . he was able to give the age of his son as aged 20 years .   not sure if his mother is alive . “she went away


family in zzzzz . he is currently living in zzzzz   with his sister , her husband and son , and his elderly mother . he has 3 daughters and was planning to visit one of them


, stay week or two , · boyfriend in poland tried to kill me , never go back , son live here ,    spine address(es ) ( 5 years ):   public electoral roll


believes that her daughter qqqqq , 18 , may eventually commit to therapy but she is unsure about her son , qqqqq , 16 who has a diagnosis of asperger 's .   he has attended family


. she came along with her baby toby . toby is 15 weeks old and zzzzz ` s first son benny is 21 months old . toby was sleeping throughout this appointment . prevously i have observed a


of two who is currently under our services due to a history of post natal depression with her first son qqqqq   ( now aged 2 ) , and previous history of anorexia nervosa , anxiety and


would benefit from further support due to the recent split from her partner following the birth of their baby son .   initial assessment :   sarah maris - shaw and rhodie thomas from southwark parental


  shared that her relationship with her partner , mark , broke down 3 weeks after their baby son was born and she decided to move out and is currently residing with her parents .  


