her housing situation .   she has also contacted her local mp , who has written to the council himself and is now waiting for a reply .   she is starting to organise some clothes


support . she is currently staying with a friend who has given her notice and is in contact with council to try and find an accommodation . relationship with mother broke down because of circumstances surrounding pregnancy :


 	  oliva had left lewisham however has now returned .    previously oliva approached greenwich council who did not accept her housing duty for the reason she is not exercising her treaty rights she


pick up decision letter the next day .   igva completed many refuge searches , supporting letter to council outlining risks and tried to advocate and speak to housing officer which refused to speak to igva .


  have you ever been evicted ? what was the reason ?   have you approached your council to ask for housing help ( do approach check ) ?     finances  


records of expenditure ( receipts and/or a journal ) and to produce them when   asked by the council , nhs or it 's agent(s ) my recovery & support plan this is my recovery & support


social contact in the area of croydon .   2 . to have your name changed on your council tenancy and your freedom pass ; you have appointment on monday 29/04/2019 with the council office to have


name changed on your council tenancy and your freedom pass ; you have appointment on monday 29/04/2019 with the council office to have your name changed on your council tenancy . you had made contact with citizens advice


pass ; you have appointment on monday 29/04/2019 with the council office to have your name changed on your council tenancy . you had made contact with citizens advice bureau and arranged an appointment on thursday 2/05/2019 to


: 	  	 last settled accommodation prior to homelessness ( only complete at first assessment )  	 council property / rsl : 	 	 private rented : 	 x 	 with partner : 	  	


: dr f o shobowale , woodcote medical end south zzzzz   and maudsicy is'l1    council  	  rjli . -iik noli    southwark north assessment s liaison learn  


ethnicity : white uk   employment status : unemployed on benefits   housing status : has a council tenancy   immigration status :  	 checklist :    child risk   


rent arrears . significantly he is a hoarder and has a cockroach infestation and is under pressure from the council to clear his flat . a safe guarding concern was raised and completed with respect to this matter


to deal with this issue in a constructive way , stating early on that he had been stalking the council worker ( from housing ) who had been negotiating with him re clearing the flat ( the person


engage around issues related to his finances , passing the hoarding off as a non - problem ( the council attempted to support him , providing contractors to remove the stuff he had collect though he clearly had


and venue for our appointment to :   12.00 midday at bernard weatherill house   ( croydon council )   8 mint walk   croydon   cr0 1ea   please note the


 ? ? ?           common assessment record • southwark council 8   _ 1293701416.doc           notification of pre


 ? ? ?           common assessment record • southwark council 8   _ 1293701416.doc     cbell2@slam nhs uk 06 - aug-2015 154135  


020 3228 6000   18th march 2016 travel pass section   disabilities service    southwark council   151 walworth road   zzzzz    se 17 1ry   dear mr


mg of mirtazapine , which he reported positive benefits . he was offered temporary accommodation by zzzzz   council , and had started supervised contact with his children . he has also been accepted by the 


which she doesn’t have contact with .    social circumstances   lives in a 2 bedroom council flat with her 4 children , which is overcrowded .   she would like to move out


. while reports on the effectiveness of the charity’s work are sent to funders including lewisham ccg and lewisham council , it is not possible to identify individuals from these reports .    you have the


from 1   september 2013    ca '    , 0fa wzfk   council    child 's name + dob : qqqqq   zzzzz   qqqqq  


the residents . zzzzz    privately rents the double room . zzzzz   is on the council waiting list for a bigger   properly as the landlord wants her to move out • as


) , son qqqqq   ( 17 ) and daughter qqqqq   ( 16 ) in a council tenancy . you have recently moved back there after the long - running family court case involving your


