miss ) named gp : hipps , deborah ( dr ) date of birth : 03 - mar-1983 referring clinician : moshiri , marjan ( dr ) age : 36 practice code : g85647 sex : female practice


letter we will not be able to proceed with this referral and it will be cancelled . the referring clinician will be informed at that juncture .   if your commissioning department is refusing to fund this


 i have conducted a mental health screening assessment today in my role as criminal justice mental health service clinician . consent for the assessment was obtained .   recommendations for police :    *


no contact since then .   yours sincerely   dirvin simon   criminal justice mental health clinician   for and on behalf of   south london and maudsley nhs foundation trust  


there will be a substantial additional waiting time after the assessment before treatment can start .   the clinician assessing you will be able to give you more details . please contact the team to arrange an


:        escorted medical day leave , at the discretion of the responsible clinician , to allow mr zzzzz   to    attend a one off mri scan at


or evidence of behaviours which pose a risk to the    public or patient , the responsible clinician must suspend leave and inform the mental health casework    section immediately .   


department should be    informed by telephone , with a follow up written report from the responsible clinician , if the patient fails to return    to hospital from leave .   


        escorted medical day leave , at the discretion of the responsible clinician , to allow mr zzzzz   to    attend a one off mri scan at


or evidence of behaviours which pose a risk to the    public or patient , the responsible clinician must suspend leave and inform the mental health casework    section immediately .   


  ccg : 08l   nhs lewisham ccg    	 name of referring consultant/ rmo / clinician dr paola dazzan , perinatal consultant psychiatrist , slam ( lewisham )   	 name of care


road , zzzzz   sw16 6hp ( near streatham bus terminal and tesco ) to see : duty clinician    we would be most grateful if you could bring any information that you may already


risk information ) details of victim ( please define victim below).e.g . – spouse / family , stranger , clinician , police   	 	  	 does the person being assessed have a criminal record ?


the mdt .  	 	        steve gallagher criminal justice mental health clinician       additional information / guidance re : output letters optional information can be


but there is a lift so you are   welcome to bring a pram .    clinician :   kyla vaillancourt , clinical psychologist      please contact us should you


.   5960   	 date of assessment :   16/02/2018 	 who present , visiting clinician & discipline : liz brady ( community practitioner )   laura parnel ( student nurse ) 


in treatment resistant depression ( ioppn ) . she was randomised to lithium and this is her first trial- clinician assessment .   in my clinical opinion , following careful consideration of her psychiatric and medical history


letter we will not be able to proceed with this referral and it will be cancelled . the referring clinician will be informed at that juncture .   if your commissioning department is refusing to fund this


dr jacob krzanowski   st4 psychiatry   jacob.krzanowski@slam.nhs.uk  		 results 	     	 clinician 	 dr zain sadiq     	 location 	 zzzzz   home treatment team ( slam


	 05/04/2018 20:22 	 05/04/2018 20:22 	     		 results 	     	 clinician 	 dr zain sadiq     	 location 	 zzzzz   home treatment team ( slam


the need arise .     yours sincerely    dr trudi seneviratne   lead clinician in perinatal psychiatry               


2 )     agreeing to be approached in connection with an appropriate research project   clinician – please delete 3 of the 4 statements below , leaving the one which applies in the correspondence


not be able to proceed with    this referral and it will be cancelled . the referring clinician will be informed at that juncture .   if your commissioning department is    refusing


 time :             9:30am    clinician :         nurse assessor if for any reason this appointment is


there will be a substantial additional waiting time after the assessment before treatment can start .   the clinician assessing you will be able to give you more details . please contact the team to arrange an


