: referred by a&e for follow up   presenting complaint : zzzzz   attended a&e due to suicidal thoughts and low mood , following an argument with her carer / husband about money . there was


to opt in .   · 2015 – self presented at a&e with deterioration in mood and fleeting suicidal thoughts , exacerbated by relationship difficulties ( ex - partner / full - time carer ) . discharged


relating to her loss of independence due to long term physical health issues .   · denies current suicidal ideation , current risk is low . children are strong protective factors .   · zzzzz 


)   dangerous / risk to others risk of self - harm self - neglect vulnerability domestic violence suicidal or self - harm        details : low risk of self harm


only some low mood , anxiety and self - critical thoughts were present .   there were no suicidal or homicidal thoughts and she has insight into her symptoms .   impression – the patient was


; dizziness and back pain and is poorly mobile and often fatigued .    she had no suicidal ideation or intent and there were no psychotic phenomena .   her daughter was delightful , she


referred to us by kings college hospital a & e last october due to being made homeless , feeling suicidal , and saying he may jump out of a window . i assessed zzzzz   on the


she stopped talking to her partner and friends and did not enjoy playing with her daughter . she has suicidal thoughts and in early november took herbal remedy from poland that she fully expected to end her life


  risk assessment   risk to self is low    zzzzz   denied any suicidal thoughts , intent or plan in the past three weeks .    she recently took an


significant loss she felt extremely low in mood and stopped engaging with her friends and family . she experienced suicidal thoughts and took an impulsive od of herbal remedy expecting to die . this event prompted her to


, which seemed to link closely to family difficulties . the first time i saw sabrina she mentioned having suicidal thoughts , around twice a month , but no specific plan or any self harming behaviour . these


lives with . these relationship problems contribute to her experiencing symptoms of low and fluctuating moods , and some suicidal thoughts , but no specific plans or self harm .   when zzzzz   experiences family


. ms zzzzz   said she had been trying to distract herself from work . she denied any suicidal ideation . she was aware of her relapse symptoms , including becoming tearful , low mood , lack


she reports to have been discriminated against , and threatened with discontinuation of contract . she also experienced fleeting suicidal ideation .   home treatment team commenced mirtazapine for symptoms of depression , and to aid sleep


plan    relapse indicators:- increased anxiety , disturbed sleep , tearful , physical symptoms of anxiety , suicidal    if an urgent assessment is needed : 															    contact your cmht or


cyprus age 19 ( not eating because of low mood ) and one to lewisham triage in 2012 ( suicidal ideation ) . has taken one overdose of paracetamol tablets ( quantity unknown ) in cyprus ‘a few


day with no major difficulty .   he said that his mood is good and he denied any suicidal ideation or any harmful thoughts . he denied any other symptoms upon close questioning and there were no


of overdose without seeking medical help age 21 .    impression : severe antenatal depressive episode with suicidal thoughts and anxiety symptoms .    plan :   1 . refer htt- she can


and therefore is reluctant to see the community psychiatric nurse or even engage in psychological therapy . he experiences suicidal ideas but there is no clear current plan . his concentration is very poor at present . in


he sees and hears his deceased mother talking to him , telling him to join her . he expresses suicidal thoughts but no clear plans . however , he did say that if his mother calls him to


him too much , particularly his youngest , who is aged 8 . he declined to elaborate on any suicidal plan . saying only , “it’s a secret . " thoughts of homicide - said the he wants


zzzzz   does not have a history of suicide attempts or self - harm and has always denied suicidal ideation , planning and intent when asked about this in clinic .    in summary ,


after her baby , and do whatever she can for her baby .   she denied having any suicidal thoughts .   she said one of her relatives has come from italy to support her and


however , his risk scores were low during the time i saw him and he did not discuss strong suicidal feelings during therapy .    please contact me if you have any questions .  


, her mood had dipped further to such that on thursday last week she could hardly move with increasing suicidal thoughts and the feeling that she would not be able to cope .   however , she


