drugs misuse 	 |_| 	 elective home education 	 |_| 	 female genital mutilation 	 |_|  	 forced marriage 	 |_| 	 gangs 	 |_| 	 harmful sexual behaviour 	 |_|  	 honour based violence 	


	 domestic abuse 	 x 	 drug misuse 	 |_| 	 female genital mutilation 	 |_|  	 forced marriage 	 |_| 	 harmful sexual behaviour 	 |_| 	 honour based violence 	 |_|  	 housing 	


· risk of neglect · risk caused by medication or services · risk of female genital mutilation , forced marriage or honour - based violence    note : where any of above risks are posed by


daughter who at the time was studying in australia and told her that he was planning to leave the marriage and settle back in new zealand , he then returned to the uk and informed the rest of


particularly cruel that he abandoned them when his illness went into remission . they could understand that her parents’ marriage was over but they find it difficult to come to terms to the idea that he chose to


’s mother ) . zzzzz   got married at 21 years old , this was not a good marriage and she experienced domestic violence , this marriage ended after two years .   zzzzz  


married at 21 years old , this was not a good marriage and she experienced domestic violence , this marriage ended after two years .   zzzzz   went on to meet her current partner and


 he is the primary carer for his two other children , aged 11yrs and 8yrs from a different marriage .   she described them as a close knit unit of 3 and that this often placed


her life   the first at 19 years , two more aged 35 years following breakdown of her marriage , january 2013 , she also attempted to walk in front of a bus in april 2013 was


and has two children ; it is noted in previous assessments that this relationship involved intense fetishism . the marriage broke down in 2014 and for a time she – presenting as zzzzz   - had contact


date : 28 - sep-2017  	 summary : 	 experiencing symptoms of depression following the end of her marriage including low mood , feeling hopeless and anxious with some suicidal thoughts . however , she reported some


psychosomatic element to the symptoms .   he described often having felt tempted to have affairs during his marriage but not ever having done it .   a younger woman at work has expressed affection towards


to move around a lot , had a domineering father , depressed mother and there was discord in the marriage and his parents eventually separated .   from an early age , he experienced feeling different from


february this year , according to his wife , but was initially mainly characterised by heightened discord within the marriage and low mood , associated with weight loss and hopelessness . according to mr zzzzz   the


not leave school with qualifications . has always worked . been married to brian for 36 years , good marriage no children . alcohol had been drinking up to bottle and ½ wine both weekend days but not


symptoms of depression .    you would also like to explore what is happening currently within your marriage .   in the past two years you have started to experience feelings of anger and rage


at times you experience him as critical when under the influence of alcohol . your general unhappiness in the marriage had led you to previously separate in 2011 and you again currently in the process of separating .


attempt in 2013 as the breakdown of your relationship with your daughter and your general unhappiness because of your marriage .   you described one previous suicide attempt at the age of sixteen by impulsive overdose .


in a wheelchair . in the june he returned to work .    he spoke about his marriage to qqqqq   and how he had known that things were difficult for some time but following


zzzzz   said that he consumed some alcohol and ' got brave ' by asking her about their marriage . zzzzz   said that qqqqq 's response was that she no longer wanted to maintain a


qqqqq 's response was that she no longer wanted to maintain a relationship with him and said that the marriage was over .    zzzzz   continued to live with qqqqq   for a


his mother .    zzzzz   feels that despite feeling overwhelmed by the breakdown in his marriage and the surgery , his problems became worse following his move back to his mothers .  


: zzzzz   is a 49 year old woman with depressive symptoms with fleeting suicidal thoughts exacerbated by marriage breakdown , cancer diagnosis and daughter moving out of the family home . there seems to be psychological


-  	 axis iii 	 benign tremor since birth  	 axis iv 	 stress in relation to marriage  	 axis v 	 9 on admission , 9 on discharge     medications on


for thirty years . zzzzz   has reported that she has been concerned about the state of her marriage .   family history mother suffered depression whilst suffering from terminal uterine cancer .   phillipa


