been involved in abusive relationships : domestic violence in paternal home ( father ) , first husband was very violent , and baby’s father also violent .   has very little social support . she is currently


domestic violence in paternal home ( father ) , first husband was very violent , and baby’s father also violent .   has very little social support . she is currently staying with a friend who has


: has had to leave croydon on 1st of june as her partner ( baby’s father ) is a violent man , physically abusive to her and has made threats to her and baby . feels unsafe and


in the last few days , in the context of low to none social and emotional support and a violent and threatening relationship with baby’s father . she requires further assessment and management in a safe therapeutic environment


	 |_|  	 unaccompanied asylum seeking children 	 |_| 	 under 16 year old pregnancy 	 |_| 	 violent extremism / radicalisation 	 |_|  	 young carer 	 |_| 	 youth offending 	 |_| 	 	


 	 self - harm 	 |_| 	 stalking / harassment 	 |_| 	 trafficking 	 |_|  	 violent extremism / radicalisation 	 |_| 	 	    				  	 consent / information sharing 


forgery ,    deception        9 . abh , affray / violent disorder ,     gbh ,     common assault armed robbery  


motor offences   15.other   e.g. harassment    99 . unknown   	 for violent offences : ( consider in risk information ) details of victim ( please define victim below).e.g . –


russian .      	 	  	 criminal record summary ( take particular note of violent offences and note in risk to others during risk screen ):       	


and enthusiasm   •o •l •2 cj3— d * dp   6 . i have been physically violent to others •2 •4 • r   7 . i havefelt able to cope when things go


jeckyll and hyde character because to the outside world he was lovely and charming but you experienced him as violent , controlling and critical . his unpredictable behaviour was further fuelled by his drinking which also made him


you had moments in the past when you talked like a baby and other times when you have been violent and aggressive towards your husband in response to feeling poorly treated by him .   you had


 prior to qqqqq   been in 6 - 7 year relationship- married – relationship ‘stormy’ ( not violent ) divorced   pregnancy and birth   2 previous miscarriages at 8 & 6 weeks .


 any psychotic   symptoms at the time of the assessment violence :    denied being violent to any one .   suicidality or depression warranting psychiatric support . risks :   3


. cocaine , heroin or injecting or legal highs .    she said she was in a violent and abusive relationship until 3 years ago with her former partner . she met him when she was


, heroin or injecting or legal highs .    she said she was in an   violent and abusive relationship until 3 years ago with her former partner . she met him when she was


started abusing her younger sister who is now very damaged still by this experience . this boyfriend was also violent to her and her siblings and mother . she left home at 15 and became pregnant at 17


’s grandson ) whom zzzzz   looks after regularly while they all work . zzzzz ’s partner was violent toward her some years ago so they separated but still live together as friends which has worked for


 she was diagnosed with ptsd at the age of 27 after having been involved in an abusive and violent relationship for 7 years which necessitated an injunction against her former partner . she received transactional analysis (


as an only child . she described her childhood as “quite strict” with an emotionally manipulative mother and physically violent father . she enjoyed school and did well academically despite having severe dyslexia . she went to st


 developed depression after being raped in an attack in 2013 in tottenham . she then got into a violent relationship with an ex partner who abused her physically , mentally and financially . during those two years


the2 young children , her boyfriend and her three siblings .   zzzzz   was aggressive and violent towards her second child father and partner at the time . she was mute , delusional ideas about


controlling and jealous behaviour stalking and   harassment no refer to research .    assaults and violent behaviour including sexual no refer to research .   domestic abuse no refer to research . 


zzzzz ’s brother who had been chosen as the main support in caring for the children had repeatedly been violent to the children’s father and both parents were using cannabis regularly .   a decision was made


cope with the news in the community .    · on the 26/06/2011 zzzzz   became violent attacking staff and demanding to leave the ward . she was put on section 5(2 ) then detained


