police :    * * custody sergeants are reminded that these are additional recommendations only . the opinion of the fme should be sought    where doubts exist about fitness to detain and/or interview


about yourself and about what has been troubling you , recently and in the past , so that an opinion can be formed about what might be the best way forward for you .   it is


be talked about or freely expressed .    for the above reasons , i am of the opinion that mr zzzzz   may benefit from a longer - term , more psychodynamic and interpersonal form


she was randomised to lithium and this is her first trial- clinician assessment .   in my clinical opinion , following careful consideration of her psychiatric and medical history , zzzzz   does not meet our


  zzzzz     dear mrs zzzzz    your appointment for a specialist 2nd opinion assessment in professor cleare’s clinic at the maudsley hospital outpatients department , denmark hill , camberwell se5 8az


 dear sir or madam   we have received a referral from dr kashani for adu - 2nd opinion assessment ( a ) . your ccg has a contract with the south london and maudsley nhs foundation


	 06f  	 referrer :  	 dr kashani  	 care option : 	 adu - 2nd opinion assessment ( a )  	 cost per assessment or treatment session : 	 £ 1,437.00  


of her life . her current mental health impacts on ability to manage her needs and it is our opinion that she requires benefit to build on her recovery .   please contact me if you need


he has received particularly from the balance clinic , and happy to continue working with them .   opinion since your referral mr zzzzz   has made considerable progress in addressing his significant symptoms of anxiety


she meets new people , as she is n't familiar with their responses so does n't know what their opinion or emotion is . zzzzz   also feels self - conscious as is aware that due to


university helpful in understanding her feelings and how to manage when she feels anxious .   in my opinion , her presentation is consistent with an asd although we would need a formal development history and asd


no verbal aggression . she is still strongly resistant to the idea of a pa , and in our opinion from this assessment we agreed that she does not really need one currently . she was able to


about yourself and about what has been troubling you , recently and in the past , so that an opinion can be formed about what might be the best way forward for you . it is also an


age at 95 years .    formulation , treatment and plan :   in my clinical opinion mrs zzzzz   is struggling with a normal adjustment reaction following a traumatic surgery which took place


and he denies any thoughts of suicide or deliberate self - harm .    it is my opinion that mr zzzzz   has taken on the advice given at the previous clinic session and has


not improved and you were having difficulties sleeping .   we discussed your case again today and our opinion remains that you would need to abstain from substance and alcohol use for a period of several weeks


dear sir or madam   we have received a referral from dr pavel fridrich for adu - 2nd opinion assessment ( a ) . your ccg has a contract with the south london and maudsley nhs foundation


07h  	 referrer :  	 dr pavel fridrich  	 care option : 	 adu - 2nd opinion assessment ( a )  	 cost per assessment or treatment session : 	 £ 1,438.00  


initially , she was feeling negative towards the baby . she feels ‘there’s no reward’. she was of the opinion that having a baby is hard work but thought there will be a pay off . feels tired


in due course .   ms zzzzz   is currently experiencing severe depressive symptoms and in my opinion is not currently fit for work . she is experiencing a number of significant psychosocial stressors which are


