trust headquarters , 9th floor    mood anxiety and personality clinical academic group   southwark north ( map cag ) southwark north assessment &


for follow up   presenting complaint : zzzzz   attended a&e due to suicidal thoughts and low mood , following an argument with her carer / husband about money . there was a misunderstanding / argument


 · 2007 – known to perinatal mh liaison services during pregnancy with 4th child . presented with low mood , negative cognitions and poor sleep . zzzzz   was referred for counselling and commenced on sertraline


did not respond to opt in .   · 2015 – self presented at a&e with deterioration in mood and fleeting suicidal thoughts , exacerbated by relationship difficulties ( ex - partner / full - time carer


though this might have been due to not wanting family in other room to hear conversation .   mood & affect   subjective : zzzzz   reported that she was very tired with what has


in life , and that ‘sometimes she doesn’t want to be here’ e.g. in december . she said her mood was particularly bad in the mornings . she rated her mood as 7 out of 10 today .


here’ e.g. in december . she said her mood was particularly bad in the mornings . she rated her mood as 7 out of 10 today . her sleep is poor – 2 hours per night . she


interaction would be beneficial .    current impression :   · zzzzz   experiences low mood and anxiety , which is significantly impacted by long term physical health difficulties and social stressors . 


physical health difficulties and social stressors .   · zzzzz   presents as frequently tearful , low mood and has difficulty sleeping throughout the night .   · some negative cognitions evident , which are


strong protective factors .   · zzzzz   would like psychological therapy to address long standing low mood and anxiety . crisis / contingency plans :   during 9 - 5 :   


have any queries then do not hesitate to contact me . best wishes   miriam stott social worker mood , anxiety and personality disorder clinical academic group   27 - 29 camberwell road   zzzzz


 outpatient psychotherapy unit      southwark & central integrated psychological therapies team ( iptt ) mood anxiety and personality clinical academic group ( cag ) maudsley hospital denmark hill zzzzz   qqqqq 


and half year - old son , last seen in clinic 4 weeks ago , currently 34/40 pregnant . mood is ‘much better’ and rated 8/10 , enjoys going out . anxiety is ‘fine’ , denies panic attacks


for referral ( please state if pre - conception , antenatal or postnatal ) history10/40 pregnant insomnia and low mood - history of depression many years ago ivf baby had 4 failed rounds before this slept a few


last few weeks only 1 night sleep for 4 hours gets into bed at 9 am feeling low in mood , has thoughts like i should jump out of the window or my son would be better off


of harm to others self - employed actress and screen writer examinationsmiling , good eye contact appears euthymic in mood commentwants sleeping pills explained in preg not safe to use i will speak to perinatal team , risk


commentwants sleeping pills explained in preg not safe to use i will speak to perinatal team , risk of mood declining   call to perinatal team , advised send referral does patient agree to the referral yes


  details : 25 - nov-2016 2 /12 alcohol use disorder identificatn test consumptn questionnre history of low mood in 2007 had counselling and 2 months anti - depressent emotional wellbeing in past month ( xxxx if


29 oct 2019 at 20:15 page 4 of 4     southwark & central iptt   mood anxiety and personality    clinical academic group ( cag )   maudsley hospital  


make use of the sessions offered .    ms zzzzz   was referred with recurrent low mood and increasingly isolative behaviour in the context of a period of leave from work . we explored her


and personal .     she engaged well with therapy , her depressive symptoms improved and her mood stabilised . with help from her son ms zzzzz   dealt with a difficult employment situation with


)                   mood anxiety and personality clinical academic group ( map east ) croydon purley resource centre 50 pampisford road 


been on it since then .   she feels disconnected on it but her panic attacks and low mood have got better and she is going to work .   if she has wine she feels


has wine she feels disconnected and still gets it at other times as well .   her low mood is connected to anxiety .   she thinks constantly what other people think about her and worries


socialise .     she is a solicitor and likes working and she said that her low mood doesn’t affect her work but her anxiety / self - criticism affects her work .   she


