citalopram for eight years and started to get panic attacks frequently whilst on it .   a private doctor changed her medication to sertraline last december and she has been on it since then .  


dr waterloo hc at waterloo health centre 5 lower marsh waterloo zzzzz   se1 7rj   dear doctor   re : mrs zzzzz   zzzzz , d.o.b : zzzzz , nhs : zzzzz ,


 se13 5ay   4 november 2019     care plan letter    dear doctor   re . 	 zzzzz   zzzzz    d.o.b . zzzzz  	 nhs


. i would also like to express my sincere apologies for having to cancel your appointment to see our doctor at short notice and i am sorry we were not able to re - arrange another appointment before


gp downham health & leisure centre   7 - 9 moorside road downham br1 5ep   dear doctor , re : miss zzzzz   zzzzz , dob : zzzzz , nhs no : zzzzz 


  dr whitt blithehale qqqqq 10 - 22 dunbridge street   zzzzz   e2 6ja dear doctor ,   re :   zzzzz   zzzzz , dob : zzzzz   


consulted ?   note any professional disagreements .   ms r was seen by the independent s.12 doctor and myself in a side room   in the a+e dept , in the presence of her


confidential st johns medical centre 56 - 60 loampit hill lewisham zzzzz   se13 7sx   dear doctor ,    re : zzzzz   zzzzz   zzzzz   zzzzz , d.o.b


private & confidential    waterloo health centre 5 lower marsh waterloo zzzzz   se1 7rj dear doctor zzzzz   zzzzz -zzzzz   – d.o.b:- zzzzz   ( nhs no . zzzzz )


gp   st johns medical centre 56 - 60 loampit hill lewisham zzzzz   se13 7sx dear doctor   re : zzzzz   zzzzz   zzzzz   dob :   zzzzz


during the day and feels that she does not want to be a burden on others , particularly her doctor . she spoke about the impact of the death of her husband a year ago , and this


both obsessive compulsive disorder and depression .   you were then reviewed by dr. abigail steenstra , another doctor in the team in october . she recommended that you continue taking 50 mg sertraline od and consider


taken the post of consultant for lewisham perinatal mental health team .   you also mentioned that the doctor was reading the information she received from the referral / midwife stating that you have been unwell for


hospital , outpatient department . as this service is part of a teaching hospital , there may be another doctor , a medical student or another health professional in attendance at your appointment .   if you


 zzzzz health centre   40 goodwood road   zzzzz   se14 6bl   dear doctor , re : zzzzz   zzzzz , dob : zzzzz   zzzzz zzzzz zzzzz , zzzzz


as follows : appointment date : thursday 3rd january 2019 appointment time :     11.00 am doctor : dr j mullin place : outpatients dept , maudsley hospital ,    denmark hill ,


uclh 14/12/2016 attended a&e with medical problem and when she did n't get help with this she told a&e doctor she was going to throw herself in front od a bus .   uclh mhlt 8/7/16 


0800 731 2864 www.slam.nhs.uk team lead :   mary ofori   consultant : dr helen galley dear doctor , re : zzzzz   zzzzz   - dob : zzzzz   - nhs no


we met you mentioned you were concerned about your medication and would like to have it reviewed by a doctor .   it seems this is important for you to have as you said your medication was


appointment as follows : appointment date monday 4th december 2017 appointment time :     2:30 pm doctor : dr nigel pearson   place : southwark north map assessment & liaison team   


an experience survey that we would very much like you to complete , following your last encounter with your doctor or nurse from our team .   please use the enclosed freepost envelope for your convenience .


the appointment date . the completed forms should not be sent back to us but be given to the doctor during the first part of the assessment .    you will initially be seen by dr  


lordship lane surgery   417 lordship lane east dulwich zzzzz   se22 8jn    dear doctor ,   name : mrs zzzzz   zzzzz ; dob zzzzz ; nhs no 707 094


service administrator    25 february 2014     29th january 2018 dr s kashani speciality doctor   zzzzz   east team   florence ball house   zzzzz   health


1 - 5 newington causeway zzzzz   se1 6ed    27th   october 2016 dear doctor sharma re zzzzz , zzzzz   ( mrs )   zzzzz   ( 57y )


