  reports that she struggled with depression during this period and as such has few memories of her pregnancy . zzzzz   did not stay with the father of her child , as he was married


a “breakdown” during this time .    · 2007 – known to perinatal mh liaison services during pregnancy with 4th child . presented with low mood , negative cognitions and poor sleep . zzzzz  


size , due for another scan this afternoon .    	  plan :   during pregnancy : noted talking therapy and psychotropic medication are not currently indicated but can be considered postnatally in case


families social care   any safeguarding concerns with past pregnancies ?   no any concerns with current pregnancy ?   no current children & families social worker :   none   	 


mental health care .   the perinatal mental health team will help to co - ordinate care during pregnancy and the early postnatal period and will take primary responsibility during admission to the maternity unit . 


 edd no data gravida / parity g no data    p no data attitude to the pregnancy / baby : positive children : ( include full names and dobs ) first name surname m f


a specialist service which supports women who are experiencing   moderate to severe difficulties with their mental health during pregnancy , or when their baby is less than a year old .   please feel free to


 to refer to lewisham iapt . please note that zzzzz   is currently in early stages of pregnancy with her third child and may need more support around the perinatal period .    please


partner since 2012 . she is currently 33 weeks pregnant with her first child ( baby girl , planned pregnancy , edd 15/10/2015 ) . she was referred by her midwife , bianca ross from guy’s and st


due to go on maternity leave in 3 weeks time . she has been putting on weight during current pregnancy , going from 51 kg to 58kg ( height 1.67 m , current bmi 20.8 ) . ms


currently expecting her first child , due in october 2015 . she is in a stable relationship , her pregnancy was planned and she is going to have support from both her and partner’s parents once she delivers


husband             plan :    during pregnancy :    has attended clinic appointments with the perinatal psychiatry service and also the prebirth planning


the perinatal psychiatry service and also the prebirth planning meeting on 14/7/2015 .    remains depressed in pregnancy and ongoing social situation has been a significant stressor .    zzzzz   is on


  newborn baby will require review by paediatricians as it has been exposed qqqqq   sertraline in pregnancy .    postpartum period :    she will continue on sertraline 100 mg and


care    any safeguarding concerns with past pregnancies ? no    any concerns with current pregnancy ? no    current children & families social worker :    address : 


care .   the perinatal mental health team will help qqqqq   co - ordinate care during pregnancy and the early postnatal period and will take primary responsibility during admission qqqqq   the maternity unit


.    2 . there are no other known risks .   	 plan : during pregnancy :   she should be seen by her gp and if needed for her mental health she


children & families social care   any safeguarding concerns with past pregnancies ? no any concerns with current pregnancy ?    no current children & families social worker :   address :  


mental health care .   the perinatal mental health team will help to co - ordinate care during pregnancy and the early postnatal period and will take primary responsibility during admission to the maternity unit . 


 	 patient history and all relevant clinical details 38 year old british - cypriot woman at first unplanned pregnancy with edd of 17.11.15 , referred by psychologist in iapt because of intrusive ideas of self - harm


periods of alcohol abuse ( 1 bottle of spirit at weekend ) but not recently . stopped drinking in pregnancy . no other substances . has had angry outbursts in the past , in which she has hit


contact with council to try and find an accommodation . relationship with mother broke down because of circumstances surrounding pregnancy : has had to leave croydon on 1st of june as her partner ( baby’s father ) is


 our specialist service supports women who are experiencing   moderate to severe difficulties with their mental health during pregnancy , or when their baby is less than a year old .     in the


appeared slightly anxious and uncomfortable in the room , went out to vomit at one point , related to pregnancy - sickness . very tearful throughout assessment .   speech- quiet , some long pauses . her


 worried because she had a previous miscarriage .       procedure   urine pregnancy test negative       comment   may have had a chemical pregnancy .


