    it is important that this information is held in confidence .   if you believe that anyone else needs to know , you    should seek advice from this unit .


depressive illness . he does not have any thoughts , intent or plan of harming himself   i believe that he remains depressed and this is partially treated with mirtazapine at the moment . he is not


this case you should inform the parents unless this will endanger the child’s safety .   if you believe a child is in imminent danger , call the police / and or ambulance immediately on 999 .


waiting for an appointment to get her throat examined to rule out any other causes .   i believe she sometimes has difficulty swallowing and she feels that may be the reason .   on mental


this leads to you soldiering on feeling exhausted , resentful with life seemingly offering you little else and i believe maintains your long standing depression .   as you know from our discussion at the time ,


maintains your long standing depression .   as you know from our discussion at the time , i believe a course of cognitive analytic therapy would be helpful in assisting you to work on the above patterns


managed by the gp .   he has a past medical history of lumbar disc compression and i believe he is continuing to undergo assessment and treatment for this by a specialist . he also experiences cluster


bad person and has lost interest in everything and everyone , including herself .   she does not believe she is depressed but rather expressed feelings of hopelessness . she believes she is suffering from a build


from others .    impression 35 year old lady with low mood , though she does not believe she is depressed . she is future oriented and therefore wants to feel better . she may need


ongoing pain . he says he can no longer do any of his previous activities . he does not believe he has any follow up from the surgical team . mr zzzzz   says that he can


 once on the telephone as there was a request for a repeat prescription and i was led to believe that zzzzz   continues to take fluoxetine as prescribes and suffered no side effects . further there


to target the ruminatory thoughts more .   he continues to attend regularly his psychodynamic psychotherapy but i believe this may be coming to an end in february or march 2015 .   there are no


61 year old lady , she is extremely vulnerable .   she is currently sofa surfing and i believe that this current unstable situation is further impacting on her mental health . please feel free to contact


of the actual logistics of the appointment , you will need to assess what you     believe the realistic duration of the appointment to be .   this is to avoid any unnecessary 


 ? an interpreter will only intervene if they need clarification before interpreting , they     believe the client did not fully understand something that was said , they believe a    


, they     believe the client did not fully understand something that was said , they believe a     cultural inference has been missed or if the interpreter is having difficulty hearing


evaluate your ‘performance’ , worry about the future and criticise and dwell on past   things that you believe you did not do well enough , being with the children all the   time / not


her notes : father attempted suicide when zzzzz   was a child .   her mum i believe - suffers with depression          family history of perinatal mental


relatively early , after around eight weeks , but perhaps this is more a reflection of her need to believe that authority would not abuse her and that she needed to trust authority .   without this


, and that it can be very distracting and    tiring as she tries hard not to believe what the voice is saying . the voice is always very    negative , and makes


to distract himself . he experiences thoughts that the feeling will never go away and that he can not believe how bad he feels . he also experiences sweating and abdominal discomfort . he then worries about how


he does not get strong cravings , but found himself thinking about using cocaine yesterday . he does not believe that it would be difficult to give up using cocaine . he is allergic to strawberries , saveloys


her grandmother died which was also a significant time for her .   at around this time i believe she was seen by the mental health services in halifax .    forensic history  


   he was assessed and referred to iptt in 2014/15 . he did move address and i believe moved from lewisham into southwark . he failed to attend a final opt in and was closed .


whom . i put it to her that if she believes the voice in her head she should also believe me when i tell her that the ward is a safe environment - she appeared to consider this


