visual , smell , taste , touch )   thoughts ( quantity , tempo , logical coherence , delusions , overvalued ideas , obsessions , phobias , preoccupations , thought disorder , thought interference – withdrawal ,


denied having ideas to harm herself .   thoughts - thought form – normal . content - nil delusions themes elicited . no evidence of formal thought disorder .    abnormal perception – denied experiencing


or related mood and reported that she is eating regularly .   there was no evidence of any delusions and she denied any perceptual abnormalities . zzzzz 's thoughts have been focused on her children , in


she would not act on any suicidal ideation , citing her sons as a strong protective factor . no delusions and no formal thought disorder noted . no hallucinations reported and miss zzzzz   did not appear


exercises to counter weight gain . thought - no formal thought disorder .   perception- no hallucinations or delusions . cognition- alert and orientated to time , place and person .   insight- showed insight into


and relevant . mood subjectively ok , objectively euthymic , reactive affect . no evidence of ftd . no delusions elicited . no perceptual disturbances . cognition grossly intact . insight- able to describe current and previous difficulties


self - harm . there were no aggressive ideas . she denied psychotic features . there were no hallucinations delusions or obsessions in particular no visual or auditory hallucinations , passivity experience or thought alienation . she was


self - harm . there were no aggressive ideas . she denied psychotic features . there were no hallucinations delusions or obsessions in particular no visual or auditory hallucinations , passivity experience or thought alienation . she was


falling or having a heart attack .     there was no evidence of thought disorder , delusions or paranoia .   the only abnormality of perception he described was the occasional experience when watching


his wife recalled that he had seen his dead dog in the front garden recently . he denied any delusions . he has some suicidal ideation and has considered taking an overdose of his pills before . he


denies thoughts of dsh but homicidal thoughts as noted above . thought content   -   no delusions .    abnormal experiences   -   nil . cognition   - 


 deterioration , she expressed concerns co - workers were bullying her and more recently expressed persecutory   delusions . she was sleeping poorly ( requested mother to remain with her overnight ) and eating poorly .


she was orientated in time , place , date and person . there were no abnormal perceptions , no delusions or illusions reported and none elicited .   mood : she was euthymic in mood with a


