denies any thoughts or plans of self - harm or suicide . there was no evidence of ftd , delusional thought content , or perceptual disturbance .      mr zzzzz   is aware of the


she was somewhat flat with reactive affect .   there was no evidence of any thought disorder , delusional or perceptual disturbance .   she does have thoughts pertaining to things being unclean in her home


	 coding information nb : refused = 99   1 . none   2 . schizophrenia or delusional disorder   3 . bpad 4 . depressive illness 5 . anxiety / phobia or ocd /


 	 	 anxiety 	 x 	 bipolar 	  	 care programme approach ( cpa ) 	 	 delusional thoughts 	 	 depression 	 x  	 first episode psychosis 	 	 forensic mental health 	 	


was normal in tone , rate and volume . there was no evidence of any formal thought disorder , delusional content or altered perception . he was orientated in time , place and person . he has excellent


no evidence of formal thought disorder .    perceptions : no psychotic symptomology , perception abnormalities or delusional ideation observed or reported .   zzzzz   denied having / having had experiences of a


  unable to give a clear history depression not responding to antidepressants severe anxiety psychosomatic complaint hallucinations / delusional ideas package of care before admission   yes hypertension no pyrexial no biochemical test abnormality no haematologicaltestabnormality


tone . it was spontaneous and fluent . there was no thought disorder and he did not express any delusional beliefs .   he was orientated to person , place and time and had good insight into


.   the content related to memory changes as reported .   no over - valued or delusional ideas .   no paranoid or persecutory beliefs .   perceptions :   no abnormal


suicide that he has been able to distract himself from . thought content   -   nil delusional . abnormal experiences   -   nil . cognition   -   not tested


was aggressive and violent towards her second child father and partner at the time . she was mute , delusional ideas about killing 2 month daughter lea . beliefs that someone liked to kill her and people getting


of low mood and no current suicidality .   in the last few weeks it appears that her delusional beliefs about being in a financial disaster and at risk of homelessness have lifted .   she


 to attend the psychological interventions clinic for outpatients with psychosis ( picup ) in view of her persisting delusional beliefs , but as these appear to have responded to medication this referral may no longer be necessary


self . feels more optimistic about the future . concentration is also improving .   no evidence of delusional ideas of guilt / nihilism / bodily ideas present . denies to have ever experienced auditory hallucinations .


of ftd thought content negative depressive cognitions , around worthlessness and self - guilt present , but no depressive delusional content ( guilt , nihilism , bodily ) . feels regretful for the attempt and there is no


weight which have been successful .   there was no evidence of hallucinations , formal thought disorder , delusional ideas and he denies any thoughts of suicide or deliberate self - harm .    it


