hooker trainee clinical psychologist   cc   gp adult mental health in children’s centres – working with parents of children age 0 - 6            


in ville la grand , in the rhone - alpes region ( south - eastern france ) ; her parents divorced about 4 - 5 years ago , however , she said their relationship was difficult as father


and they argued a lot . she said the atmosphere in the family was not nice , however , parents were overall supportive towards her older sister ( aged 35 ) and ms zzzzz . she denied any


stable relationship , her pregnancy was planned and she is going to have support from both her and partner’s parents once she delivers . no financial problems . her mental state is currently stable and we had a


on them .    past psychiatric history   previous episode of depression age 21 when her parents disowned her after an argument . she was homeless , living in a hostel for two years and


and then complete the ‘request for protection’ part of this form . in this case you should inform the parents unless this will endanger the child’s safety .   if you believe a child is in imminent


support network , family stress / illness , problems with neighbours , discrimination etc . ) no contact with parents , dad drinks , no siblings on epjs :   social media profile :   


support service at 1st place children centre   · referred to melodies for mums , music sessions for parents and their babies , for parent’s experiencing post - natal depression   · referral to creative families


zzzzz   se4 2la 		     adult mental health in children’s centres – working with parents of children age 0 - 6            


) which led to both daughters being placed on cin plan . ( also concerns around father’s behaviour ( parents are separated ) and impact on the children who was requesting contact with only one daughter , and


daughter , and giving confusing , inconsistent messages to the children , concerns about lack of safe communication between parents ) .   · the aim of the parent - focused intervention has been around helping zzzzz


notes .     zzzzz ’s father has been diagnosed with lung cancer .   her parents live in canada and zzzzz   and qqqqq   have been to visit , however zzzzz


perinatal services in november 2014 when pregnant with daughter and followed up after birth .   referred to parents as partners but this intervention ended early because of what zzzzz   describes as alex becoming extremely


you lacked confidence and tended to keep to yourself and linked this to the lack of interest that both parents showed in your schooling . you also felt again that your brother was treated generally better in being


depressed . was visibly tearful at assessment . sometimes has feeling that life is not worth living . noted parents as protective factors . feels that she can keep herself safe . has information for iapt . stated


has been referred to the team psychologist ; she engages in daily activities to keep active and visits her parents and a close friend in cornwall , by train .    ms zzzzz   was


weeks after their baby son was born and she decided to move out and is currently residing with her parents .   she spoke about feeling that although the situation is ‘depressing and stressful’ that she does


.    biographical history    zzzzz   was born in zzzzz .    her parents are still together , her mother is a psychotherapist and her father has recently retired as a qc


her father has recently retired as a qc .    she described a strong and loving relationship with her parents and they have been supportive to her following the birth of her baby .     she has


she made the decision to end the relationship . social circumstances zzzzz   is currently living with her parents ; she hopes to move to a flat they own in brixton in january 2018 .    she


and of having made a terrible mistake .     qqqqq   has now settled and parents are adjusting to parenthood .   qqqqq   is bottle fed ; is healthy and putting


her first 3 months in foster care .   she has a very close relationship with her adoptive parents and two adoptive siblings who she described as supportive and understanding .   zzzzz   also


and at other times an 8 or 9 .   returning home after a recent visit to her parents led to a dip in mood .   articulate and insightful .   sleep currently manageable


this time she went to live with her father . she reported that she was taken away from her parents when she was young . she stated that when she was a teenager she went to live with


the following is a summary of that contact   background history   born in forest gate . parents separated when she was 13 years old . there had been many arguments .   mother had


