is denying any thoughts of harming himself or ending his life . his care plan includes him , his wife and/or his mother to alert the cmht if any concerns regarding his mental state .     


. he has agreed to this .   1 . cpn to offer support to him and his wife which he has also reluctantly agreed to .   1 . i will review in my clinic


" shortly after he said” my mother makes me breakfast every morning . " said he lives with his wife and children but seemed unsure . discuss with dr gunathilake with the following plan : arrange urgent medical


medical centre . at the last 2 clinic appointments i had the opportunity to meet with mr zzzzz ’s wife claire who informed me that they were in the process of separating . mr zzzzz   has


work and struggling to establish a close bond with him . it was also suggested by mr zzzzz ’s wife that mr zzzzz ’s parents’ way of dealing with difficult emotions was to deny or avoid them .


life events and role transitions including his retirement , being diagnosed with leukaemia and more recently separation from his wife . his history also suggests long - standing anxious - avoidant personality traits and low self - esteem


psychotherapy .   he still feels frustrated at times but he is doing more social activities with his wife than when i first started seeing him .     impression – ongoing elements of a


excluded from the family with her mother continuing to have a good bond with the children and ex - wife wendy , and after a series of disappointments zzzzz   stopped taking wendy’s calls and has just


w ch.l4 - f   number : lg10033056   2o8 parkside avenue ,   relationship : wife aware of referral : no   consultant : dr. m patel 1215 date of referral : l3


pt has been low in mood since admission on a background of a history of low mood according to wife . he is finding it difficult to sleep . he is reluctant to engage in physio/ ot due


her assessment she denied any suicidal ideation or intent and has been having counselling jointly with her ex - wife , which she finds helpful . she benefitted from a course of sertraline in 2012 and agreed to


improvement in her mood since gp referral .   2 . currently having counselling jointly with ex - wife which she finds helpful .   3 . struggling to come to terms with infidelity . 


       many thanks for your letter .    i’ve shared it with my wife    and i’ve taken the aq test and my score is shown below .   


and refusing to eat . i reviewed him with dr ian winston in the skin tumour clinic with his wife and ian gosling ( specialist nurse ) .    background   mr zzzzz  


this has affected his appetite . he is sleeping poorly and finds it very hard to concentrate . his wife reported a change in his speech in the last fortnight , describing it as low and quiet .


for suspicion of a neurological cause for this such as cva / tia . we also spoke to his wife , and she is finding it difficult to cope , and during our discussion with his wife mr


to his wife , and she is finding it difficult to cope , and during our discussion with his wife mr zzzzz   became tearful . we recommend that she has a carers assessment to discuss her


with relation to current nausea . he has no formal thought disorder . although he denies hallucinations , his wife recalled that he had seen his dead dog in the front garden recently . he denied any delusions


some suicidal ideation and has considered taking an overdose of his pills before . he is worried about his wife , and this acts as his main protective factor . he stated that he would not act on


main protective factor . he stated that he would not act on these thoughts and he would tell his wife if he was having suicidal thoughts . his wife is extremely concerned . he expressed insight into the


not act on these thoughts and he would tell his wife if he was having suicidal thoughts . his wife is extremely concerned . he expressed insight into the nature of his depression and we discussed the link


this has left him feeling more stressed and confused , although he thinks about her a lot . his wife is disabled and uses a wheelchair .   he regards her as " brilliant " , incredibly


has no imminent plans to harm himself , but did mention an insurance policy which would pay to his wife if he was still in employment .   he has had thoughts of walking out into the


not really like other people and was regarded as strange and an outsider .   he met his wife at university .   her adult life has been fraught with health problems .   she


he presented as not very hopeful there could be any alternative approach to his difficulties although stressed that his wife was pleased that he was coming once again to explore his problems .   as above ,


