   details :    family mental health history ( xxxx if yes ) partner father mother sibling   client’s child other       details ( ( ( ( iiiinnnncccclllluuuuddddiiiinnnngggg


: : :    family history of perinatal mental illness ( xxxx if yes )   mother grandmother sister aunt daughter other none      details ( ( ( ( iiiinnnncccclllluuuuddddiiiinnnngggg 


polycystic ovaries . she suffers from migraines .   she has no allergies . family history – her mother has panic attacks and is on medication . her grandmother was agoraphobic .   her father has


listed in your referral . she indicated considerable problems during her upbringing , particularly in her relationship with her mother with whom she has now cut off contact and who has a diagnosis of a bipolar disorder .


birth of her daughter qqqqq   in october . she struggles with coming to terms in becoming a mother , suffered a lot of birth trauma and initially struggled in building a positive relationship with qqqqq .


plan to end her life .   she has a history of complex grief reaction after loss of mother , history of recurrent depressive disorder and is currently on olanzapine 15 mg , sertraline 200 mg .


  it also appears that ms zzzzz   did not receive any counselling after death of her mother few years ago , she will benefit from this via the wellbeing hub or cruise bereavement service .


client and home treatment also indicate the clients views on htt ? she lives on her own and her mother visits from poland at times to see her . gp has been seeing her regularly and treating her


thoughts of harming himself or ending his life . his care plan includes him , his wife and/or his mother to alert the cmht if any concerns regarding his mental state .      mr zzzzz 


, treated with citalopram , currently clinically euthymic . family concerned very forgetful- daughter noticed the decline . pt’s mother had dementia from a young age : ( 50s ) . leaving wallet in fridge , doors open


usually drinks water . no other recreational substance use .  	 family history :    her mother “is the same” with memory problems : she has had these for the past 20 years . is


about 4 - 5 years ago , however , she said their relationship was difficult as father cheated on mother and they argued a lot . she said the atmosphere in the family was not nice , however


to work as a salesman , currently retired .   ms zzzzz   also reported that her mother was beaten up by her own father in childhood and has been suffering from depression throughout her life


and has been suffering from depression throughout her life . ms zzzzz   said her own relationship with mother is sometimes difficult , especially when mother becomes depressed .   past medical history   nil


her life . ms zzzzz   said her own relationship with mother is sometimes difficult , especially when mother becomes depressed .   past medical history   nil of note ( according to patient )


by referrer 	 name of referring pct / ccg 	  	 specify which prescribed service required  	 mother and baby unit admission   	 patient name   hydayet zzzzz    	 patient


has given her notice and is in contact with council to try and find an accommodation . relationship with mother broke down because of circumstances surrounding pregnancy : has had to leave croydon on 1st of june as


under and attach a copy of the document . no to my knowledge . who has parental responsibility – mother and ( father ? )   mother has parental responsibility but partner not involved .  


. no to my knowledge . who has parental responsibility – mother and ( father ? )   mother has parental responsibility but partner not involved .   formal risk assessment : ( detail any evidence


could be considered and managed in the context of risk reduction . she is agreeable to voluntary admission to mother and baby unit .   	 to be completed by slam prescribed service :   please


never around . stepfather moved in when she was 6 . has 2 brothers and 1 sister . her mother was very strict and used to beat them often . her stepfather once beat her badly aged 21


complaint   zzzzz   is experiencing auditory and visual hallucination . he sees and hears his deceased mother talking to him , telling him to join her . he expresses suicidal thoughts but no clear plans


her . he expresses suicidal thoughts but no clear plans . however , he did say that if his mother calls him to join her again , he will go to meet her .   he expresses


. sleep reported to be poor . “i want to sleep!” said the voices of his grandfather , his mother and a friend keep him awake . said he only gets an hour of sleep per night .


able to give the age of his son as aged 20 years .   not sure if his mother is alive . “she went away , i miss her . " shortly after he said” my mother


