:    referrer details ( please enter details legibly in block capitals ) name :   job title :    address and postcode :   team :     tel


him in touch with a project officer at high trees and zzzzz   is attending to support his job search .   yours sincerely ,   dr pallavi sarin   gpst1 map assessment &


ago and she had always hoped to live here . she was pleased when her husband was offered a job here and they have been in zzzzz   for the last six months . she had hoped


. worked as a cook in a restaurant . spent 5 years in portugal working nights and then another job : slept very little . believes this sleep deprivation is what has affected her brain . has been


  ms zzzzz   works as a financial lawyer in the city ; she told me her job is very stressful due to working long hours and having to deal with difficult transactions . she said


   she had a further episode of depression in 2013 , in the context of her stressful job as a lawyer in finance and having to work long hours with poor peer support . she said


long hours with poor peer support . she said she then left that law firm and obtained her current job , in which she still has to work long hours but she has more support from her boss


project reference / interviewee reference 	  123456 	    additional notes 	  	    job number 	  appointment type 	  venue address 	  start date & time 	  contact


   zzzzz      additional notes          job number     appointment type     venue address     start


	 name : 	 	 megan knight   	 organisation 	 refuge/ athena   	 role / job title : 	 health igva   	 address 	 n / a   	 contact number


  details of lead professional 	 name : 	 	  	 organisation 	  	 role / job title : 	       	 address 	      


	 to 	 ichekwai , ndubuisi 	 recipients 	 ndubuisi.ichekwai@slam.nhs.uk     -----------------------------------------     job details     client : south london and maudsley nhs foundation trust    


 	 unconfirmed  	 date 	   	 time 	    	 confirmed by 	   	 job title 	       			 guidance 	     	 when entering a


/ forensic :    ( death of loved one or pet    ( losing my job       ( sentence or court case   ( family friction , stress


his medication side - effects his driving license was removed and he was no longer able to do his job . he then started assisting her in his child - minding business but she was aware that her


for her own children – currently feeling like she has failed . · zzzzz   previously enjoyed her job as a support worker for mothers with mental health difficulties and has previous experience as a support worker


chastistement / abuse zzzzz   was arrested and got a caution , which led her to lose her job . as a result , zzzzz   is now on benefits , has a social worker etc


.    she is currently employed and is able to function adequately at her current full time job – she feels being employed gives her discipline in life and helps with her symptoms of depressions .


of the members -1 can not then continue to try and be confident and competent in an extremely public job .   after 5 march one of these jobs comes to an end and it could be


  encouragingly zzzzz   confirmed her mood had significantly improved since she had stopped her stable hand job recently . however , she was now expressing some concerns about poor self - esteem and low confidence


one in oct / nov 2017 . zzzzz   stated that in december 2014 she obtained an administrative job and in may of 2017 she stopped taking her medication and was working six weeks prior to presenting


at the moment and is juggling between jobs and she hopes that if he gets a full - time job things should improve further .    on mental state examination zzzzz   was casually dressed


details ( please enter details legibly in block capitals )  	 name : 	  deepak gupta 	 job title : 	 ct3 psychiatry  	 address post code : 	 king’s college hospital denmark hill se5


engaged in a cycle of avoidance , leading to role loss ( estranged from children and family and lost job ) perceived rejection and social isolation . zzzzz   then ruminates and has significant anxiety ; zzzzz


and shame regarding this situation .   zzzzz   – also presenting as zzzzz - held a job as a compliance manager for hcpc , there was a disciplinary hearing and even though zzzzz  


