to a+e at the royal free hospital after she had again consumed alcohol and was acting in a very agitated and apparently thought - disordered fashion    	 interview / assessment :   mental state


:    ( feeling unmotivated and having no energy     ( feeling anxious , agitated or restless ( racing thoughts , disturbing dreams   ( spending more time alone or not going


was agreed his job would be terminated ..   in early august 2016 he appeared severely depressed , agitated and had emergent psychotic symptoms . he was referred and under the care of the home treatment team


not done . risk assessment at the time of admission to hospital , mr zzzzz   was very agitated and reporting frequent homicidal thoughts . he is now calmer and less depressed , but reports ‘constant’ homicidal


once during the interview when asked by mum—is she alright” ? and she replied “yes”. she did not appear agitated or distressed . her mood objectively , appeared euthymic and at times , bit confused .  


trouble concentrating on things   3 /3   •   phq9 score - moving or speaking slowly or agitated   1 /3   •   phq9 score - thoughts of suicide or self harm   0


to friends and ask for time to herself when she needs it – or know she is getting over agitated . zzzzz   stated that during the school holidays she tries to keep the family out of


euthymic in mood and was reactive in affect .    denies feeling tearful currently but can feel agitated on occasions but placed this in context with motherhood and having 4 young children .   


with a depressive episode ( post - natal depression ) with psychotic features . on the 20/08/10 she became agitated and requested to leave the ward . she then grabbed her baby and threatened to jump over the


normally good . able to perform limited examination ( see below ) but due to confused and   agitated nature , decision made to wait until more settled to complete physical examination , bloods and ecg .


questions about this .     she consented to physical examination and was mostly calm but became agitated at times and sat up and had   to be reassured .     physical


pregnancy , no peripheral signs of disease .     heart rate 110 - 120 ( but agitated ) , heart sounds normal . 1 ectopic beat heard when tachycardic with agitation ,   otherwise


once during the interview when asked by mum “is she alright?” and she replied “yes”. she did not appear agitated or distressed . her mood objectively , appeared euthymic and at times , bit confused .  


being proactive .   · forgetting routine , making mistakes and becoming less responsive .   · agitated , not sitting for long , experiencing distressing thoughts   	 · use problem solving stages /


.   · experiencing persecutory thoughts ( e.g. that you are being spied on ) . presenting as agitated or distant . having repetitive thoughts and worries .   · not knowing what i will do


· connections to self - interpreted ( e.g. that news stories are a form of communication ) . seeming agitated . possibly asking others about experiences and beliefs . everything feels as if closing in .  


my family do to help me ? · point out to me when i am ruminating , preoccupied or agitated   · speak through situations together and take an objective view   · work out a


being proactive .   · forgetting routine , making mistakes and becoming less responsive .   · agitated , not sitting for long , experiencing distressing thoughts   	 · use problem solving stages /


.   · experiencing persecutory thoughts ( e.g. that you are being spied on ) . presenting as agitated or distant . having repetitive thoughts and worries .   · not knowing what i will do


· connections to self - interpreted ( e.g. that news stories are a form of communication ) . seeming agitated . possibly asking others about experiences and beliefs . everything feels as if closing in .  


my family do to help me ? · point out to me when i am ruminating , preoccupied or agitated   · speak through situations together and take an objective view   · work out a


