  reason for referral ( please state if pre - conception , antenatal or postnatal ) history10/40 pregnant insomnia and low mood - history of depression many years ago ivf baby had 4 failed rounds before this


reports very low energy levels , spending most of the day in bed , and middle and late onset insomnia ( wakes up around 3 am ) , poor appetite low motivation , poor ability to enjoy things


and triggering . miss zzzzz   reported that , in addition to nightmares , she struggles with initial insomnia and has done for a very long time . she reports that her sleep can also be fitful


standing difficulties have resulted in a variety of diagnoses over a period of time , including severe depression , insomnia , disassociation , long term anxiety , panic attacks , mood swings , agoraphobia , emetophobia ( pertaining


and would read leaflets about antidepressant ( mirtazapine being a good option given its antihistaminic effects on anxiety and insomnia ) . i insisted that she continued to use hypnotic medication for the time being ; on balance


his distress . his sleep ( somewhat affected for several years—see below ) deteriorated further with primary and middle insomnia , and he began to eat less with consequent weight loss . he began to ruminate more actively


ex - partner had used to justify her decision ) . since then , he reports anhedonia and middle insomnia , although he has been able to work . his use of cocaine increased significantly during this period


of diabetes type 2 and sleep apnoea .    mr zzzzz   reported suffering with chronic insomnia . since the end of spring 2017 throughout winter he has only been getting 1 - 2 hours


work , ahead of her maternity leave . her sleep became severely disrupted in around october , with initial insomnia , sleep disruption and early morning wakening . she would feel tired most of the time . 


therapy sessions .   as the months have progressed zzzzz   has been increasingly low , has insomnia at times , irritability , poor concentration and at times also has the recurrence of some eating disorder


days , then 150 mg early in the morning and 150 mg no late then 1 pm to avoid insomnia or 300 mg slow release early in the morning .   3 . i can review her


spontaneous , coherent and normal in all modalities .   sleep was said to be disturbed , early insomnia and broken sleep   appetite is good but tends to eat more sugary foods   mood


20 mg citalopram ) · some fluctuations in mood and anxiety to date in this pregnancy . · increased insomnia of late , struggling to keep mind clear . · anxieties around pregnancy again after last birth (


