past . zzzzz   moved to england in 2001 , and has two children with her ex - partner rui : rui jr. ( 8) , and zzzzz   ( 13 ) . she separated from


presented at a&e with deterioration in mood and fleeting suicidal thoughts , exacerbated by relationship difficulties ( ex - partner / full - time carer ) . discharged and referred to the assessment and liaison team for follow


of breath ; advised to get a blood test to rule out anaemia or other physical cause . reports partner is behaving better from her perspective resulting in less stress and fewer arguments ; also noted her son


epidural does not want to be induced , wants to use acupuncture , midwives will advise on definitive plan partner pedro wants to be present at the birth , alternatively may have a doula plan for one of


) postpartum period : noted planning to breastfeed mum will visit from hungary after the birth to help out partner pedro will also be around to support after the birth will have follow - up from midwives for


texts : yes no    religion : nationality : marital status :      partner / next of kin’s personal or emergency contact details first name :   surname :  


     details :    family mental health history ( xxxx if yes ) partner father mother sibling   client’s child other       details ( ( (


areas listed ) ( xxxx if yes )   social support ( or lack of ) relationship with partner relationship with family employment immigration / seeking asylum housing / homelessness financial / debts offending behaviour  


she reportedly sleeps very well , but is also reported to be a loud snorer , often waking her partner .    	 gp recommendations :   · it may be necessary in due course


the team .  	 formulation 	 current social circumstances    zzzzz   lives with her partner and her seven year old daughter . she reports that the relationship with her partner has improved in


 lives with her partner and her seven year old daughter . she reports that the relationship with her partner has improved in the past week .     she returned to work on monday as


she felt extremely low and found it difficult to get out of bed . she stopped talking to her partner and friends and did not enjoy playing with her daughter . she has suicidal thoughts and in early


.     the greater benefit appears to have come from zzzzz   speaking to her partner , her work and her friends about her depression . prior to this she was isolating herself and


motivated her to see her gp and to make recent positive changes .    her daughter , partner , family and friends are strong protective factors .    she is compliant with medication and


previous dna on 26/06/2015 . she is a 33 year old french woman , living in uk with her partner since 2012 . she is currently 33 weeks pregnant with her first child ( baby girl , planned


stated that she has been looking forward to having the baby . ms zzzzz   lives with her partner , who also works as a lawyer , in a rented flat in islington . they are currently


circumstance of her admission . she stated that she had been greatly affected by the recent split from her partner and also claimed that recently her   moods had been affected by her menopausal condition . ms


•is entitled to , or named on , a valid nhs tax credit exemption certificate   •has a partner who gets pension credit guarantee credit ( pccq   /   cutser atft :  


it is also often helpful to be accompanied by someone who knows you well ( e.g. your spouse , partner or a friend ) .   should you require transport to attend this appointment , please arrange


the family therapy clinic in april 2016 and at that time the focus was around her relationship with her partner qqqqq .    zzzzz   and her partner qqqqq   were offered 10 sessions


the focus was around her relationship with her partner qqqqq .    zzzzz   and her partner qqqqq   were offered 10 sessions and attended 8 sessions ( 2 sessions   were cancelled


broke down because of circumstances surrounding pregnancy : has had to leave croydon on 1st of june as her partner ( baby’s father ) is a violent man , physically abusive to her and has made threats to


. who has parental responsibility – mother and ( father ? )   mother has parental responsibility but partner not involved .   formal risk assessment : ( detail any evidence of risk in the areas


.     the risks involved where :    incident caused injury- in december oliva’s partner physically hit her and had left bruises on left side of her body .    fearful-


left bruises on left side of her body .    fearful- oliva is very frightened of her partner that he will cause further harm or injury .   isolation- olivas partner is isolating , he


