uncertain of when you will return . i would also like to express my sincere apologies for having to cancel your appointment to see our doctor at short notice and i am sorry we were not able to


lost every year in the national health service due to missed or cancelled appointments . therefore , should you cancel this appointment without giving five working days’ notice , your name will be returned to the bottom of


attendance .    please note , if you do not attend this appointment or contact us to cancel , you will not be sent a further appointment and will be discharged from the service back to


 on arrival please report to the receptionist .   if you need to re - schedule or cancel your appointment please contact us on 020 7525 1881 .   we have a long waiting list


zzzzz , zzzzz ,   zzzzz   dear mr zzzzz , we are sorry you had to cancel your scheduled appointment with us .   we would like to offer you another appointment with dr


  slam nhs foundation trust current referrals for loacal team current status : i received : l continue cancel surname : zzzzz   first name : zzzzz   dob : 2l/02 / l95o hospital nhs


no antipsychotlc no hypnotic   how urgent is this referral ? within : 24 hrs   continue cancel   contact us i about i help lewisham healthcare nhs trust intranet system   original design


mutch , ct3 to lisa conlan , consultant psychiatrist   if you need to re - schedule or cancel your appointment please contact the map treatment team duty worker on 020 7525 1881 .   we


 dear zzzzz   we were due to meet on the 29th january but you called me to cancel this meeting and explained that you didn’t feel you needed vocational support at that time however i have


  if you are not able to attend this appointment for any reason , please contact me to cancel on 02032288100 .     please bring this letter along to show the receptionist on arrival


appointment booked on 17/07/2017 and 27/07/2017 , but you did not attend the appointment on 17/07/2017 and needed to cancel your appointment on 27/7/17 . unfortunately we have not received a response to calls and text messages sent


resource centre , i am writing to advise you that due to circumstances beyond our control we have to cancel this appointment . another appointment has been made to complete your assessment with catherine hinds , senior adult


lost every year in the national health service due to missed or cancelled appointments . therefore , should you cancel this appointment without giving five working days’ notice , your name will be returned to the bottom of


time : 10:30 hrs   clinician : thomas rioga rmn if you need to re - schedule or cancel your appointment please contact the assessment & liaison team on 020 7525 1881 . we have a long


               if you phone to cancel at least one               


zzzzz   dear ms zzzzz , i am writing to inform you that unfortunately i will have to cancel your appointment on wednesday , 1st june at 1.30pm . i would like to offer you another appointment


lost every year in the national health service due to missed or cancelled appointments . therefore , should you cancel this appointment without giving five working days’ notice , your name will be returned to the bottom of


the service closed the case , parents are to ensure and encourage her   attendance . to not cancel sessions without some she presents as being alienated within her discussion with the core group first own family


lost every year in the national health service due to missed or cancelled appointments . therefore , should you cancel this appointment without giving five working days’ notice , your name will be returned to the bottom of


you miss sessions   regularly you won’t get as much out of your therapy . even if you cancel in advance it   is unlikely that your therapist will be able to reschedule your session for


your attendance .   please note , if you do not attend this appointment or contact us to cancel , you will not be sent a further appointment and will be discharged from the service back to


