medication and finding this helpful .    risk for self - neglect is low . she is eating and attending to adls .    risk to others is low .    impression


like to move into her own accommodation and was looking into how this might be possible . she was eating three meals a day , but was aware that her diet isn’t as healthy as she would like


three meals a day , but was aware that her diet isn’t as healthy as she would like , eating lots of ‘junk’ food , which may also be related to her mood difficulties .   she


and increase her appetite .    · zzzzz   to ensure that she has a regular eating pattern and balanced diet . this is to stabilise her blood sugar and to minimise any dietary related


on her baby . some sleep problems due to thinking about work and baby moving . no changes in eating pattern . ms zzzzz   said she had been trying to distract herself from work . she


since when 16 - 17 years old . has had one psychiatric admission in cyprus age 19 ( not eating because of low mood ) and one to lewisham triage in 2012 ( suicidal ideation ) . has


. bpad 4 . depressive illness 5 . anxiety / phobia or ocd / ptsd / panic 6 . eating disorder 7 . dementia 8 . attention deficit disorder 9 . personality disorder 10 . adjustment disorder /


risen slightly so that it was now consistent with mild ocd . you told me that your sleep and eating were still improved as they had been in march , though your father expressed concerns regarding the lack


self - injury or harm · self - neglect · access to methods of harm / suicide · harmful eating patterns  	 risk event history : 	 * * * mhlt uclh , sadia wahid ( pln


          ( feeling irritated or easily frustrated ( changes in eating   ( difficulty making decisions    ( missing appointments    ( racing thoughts


what does staying well mean to me ?       staying well to me means eating well , getting enough exercise and rest with a proper balance between work and life .  


  just a few years back he was taking care of himself physically , taking regular exercise and eating healthily .   he is fully qualified and registered as a cricket coach and enjoyed this greatly


, sydenham , zzzzz   se26 6jq psychological medicine clinical academic group ( cag )    eating disorders outpatients service    middle house    maudsley hospital    denmark hill


you become anxious and so you seem somewhat trapped . this pattern of self - deprivation also extends to eating and you told me that you survive rarely eat meals with your family but survive on snacks .


mother frightens you too much to seriously contemplate doing this again . you do though continue to restrict your eating as a form of self - punishment and told me that you survive on snacks and tea and


slam trust id :    	 zzzzz        psychiatric diagnosis : eating disorder ( unspecified bulimia ) currently in remission . psychiatric medication : nil   baby’s age :


her baby . zzzzz   said she feels good with no mental health concerns and no problems with eating .   zzzzz   finds her partner very supportive and also has a supportive family .


for anyone or anything .   on a bad day , she stays in bed for days without eating . she reported weight loss but not sure how much . she did not appear to be underweight


and pitch .   her mood was subjectively and objectively euthymic and appropriate .   she is eating and sleeping better .   she denied any biological symptoms of depression .   there was


meals a day . i asked why and she openly discussed the fact that she has had issues with eating for many years and there is a strong family history of anorexia nervosa ( her mother and aunt


the options of addressing this in the medium to near future by way of psychological therapy specifically targeted to eating disorders , and that while this is not an acute clinical concern today , it is something that


.    impression   marked improvement in mental state no evidence of depressive symptoms longstanding chronic eating disorder - currently reduced intake of meals ( 1 - 2 a day ) . not an acute


perinatal nurse and also requested stella discussed further with zzzzz   the option of a referral to an eating disorders service with a view for psychological therapy targeted at eating disorders .    -i have


 the option of a referral to an eating disorders service with a view for psychological therapy targeted at eating disorders .    -i have informed zzzzz   that she can approach her gp anytime


 objectively she was reactive in affect . appetite – ‘healthy appetite’.     described some historical eating issues ; mild anorexia in teenage years , but no hospital admissions and menstrual cycle unaffected . 


