trust headquarters , 9th floor    mood anxiety and personality clinical academic group   southwark north ( map cag ) southwark north assessment & liaison


eyes and in the face . she came across as slightly shy and there were some physical signs of anxiety e.g. rubbing her arms / legs , playing with fingers , rocking forwards / backwards . she reported


be beneficial .    current impression :   · zzzzz   experiences low mood and anxiety , which is significantly impacted by long term physical health difficulties and social stressors .   ·


factors .   · zzzzz   would like psychological therapy to address long standing low mood and anxiety . crisis / contingency plans :   during 9 - 5 :    zzzzz 


queries then do not hesitate to contact me . best wishes   miriam stott social worker mood , anxiety and personality disorder clinical academic group   27 - 29 camberwell road   zzzzz  


outpatient psychotherapy unit      southwark & central integrated psychological therapies team ( iptt ) mood anxiety and personality clinical academic group ( cag ) maudsley hospital denmark hill zzzzz   qqqqq  


3299 3234   maternity service : juniper team , kch   	  diagnosis : 	 mixed anxiety and depressive disorder previous antenatal depressive episode medication : 	 nil   	  identified problems /


weeks ago , currently 34/40 pregnant . mood is ‘much better’ and rated 8/10 , enjoys going out . anxiety is ‘fine’ , denies panic attacks . sleep has improved . promethazine made her feel nauseas so she


information i.e. diagnosis , past psychiatric admissions , history of relapse )   depression severe depression postnatal depression anxiety bipolar affective schizophrenia schizo affective illness psychosis in postnatal period alcohol / substance misuse past psychiatric admissions 


oct 2019 at 20:15 page 4 of 4     southwark & central iptt   mood anxiety and personality    clinical academic group ( cag )   maudsley hospital   denmark


                  mood anxiety and personality clinical academic group ( map east ) croydon purley resource centre 50 pampisford road  


disconnected and still gets it at other times as well .   her low mood is connected to anxiety .   she thinks constantly what other people think about her and worries that she is going


is a solicitor and likes working and she said that her low mood doesn’t affect her work but her anxiety / self - criticism affects her work .   she has thoughts about what she is wearing


panic attacks and is on medication . her grandmother was agoraphobic .   her father has ocd and anxiety .   alcohol and substance history – she only drinks once a week and then usually four


. she does not take drugs currently .   mental state examination – only some low mood , anxiety and self - critical thoughts were present .   there were no suicidal or homicidal thoughts and


as significantly depressed , although told us that her mood had been generally low and that her levels of anxiety were often high , including occasional panic attacks . she painted a gloomy picture of her current life


issues with anger and some emotional dysregulation , in combination with longer - term problems with low mood and anxiety . she has tried a wide variety of medication , although recently has only been taking lamotrigine 100


of course discuss any concerns with your therapist .    southwark & central iptt   mood anxiety and personality    clinical academic group ( cag )   maudsley hospital   denmark


croydon integrated psychological therapy service ( cipts ) ?          mood anxiety and personality ( map ) assessment and liaison team   380 streatham high road zzzzz  


address , details must clearly be in latest event · client agrees in principle to htt   mood anxiety and personality   clinical academic group   ( map - cag ) assessment   and


  		 dr nozomi akanuma             mood anxiety and personality     clinical academic group ( map - cag )    


mr zzzzz   has previously suffered with social phobia , but denies any symptoms of this or other anxiety disorders .   he agrees that his mental health was suffering during his two previous admissions (


  cognitive impairment - reviewed by memory clinic , current view is that this is driven by her anxiety / depressive symptoms   current medications :   mirtazapine 45 mg nocte    


one previously , the outcome of which was that the team felt that her cognitive difficulties were related to anxiety and depressive disorder which need to be treated first .   risk assessment :   


to make sure she’s closed the front door or turned off the gas . · has had trouble with anxiety and tearfulness – believes she’s always had anxiety and depression because of a tough childhood . · has


